13:32:32 <vuntz> #startmeeting openSUSE GNOME Meeting
13:32:32 <bugbot> Meeting started Thu Oct  7 13:32:32 2010 UTC.  The chair is vuntz. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:32:32 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:33:51 <vuntz> captain_magnus, DimStar, FunkyPenguin, fcrozat, jospoortvliet, metalgod, mrdocs, pcutler, psankar, sreeves: ping, we're having a small gnome meeting now
13:34:02 <vuntz> #topic openSUSE Conference
13:34:08 <jospoortvliet> yay
13:34:17 <metalgod> hey hey
13:34:21 <vuntz> so, the main goal of the meeting is to find out what we want to do during the openSUSE conference, as a team
13:34:30 <vuntz> (of course, everybody should try to attend :-))
13:34:45 * psankar proposes for a pet-peeves-fixing-workshop :-)
13:35:50 <vuntz> I wonder
13:36:25 <vuntz> I think it'd make more to actually build a more solid list of pet peeves -- unless we have tons of time to fix things too
13:36:28 <vuntz> more sense
13:36:29 <FunkyPenguin> psankar, would your pet peeve be that you cant attend?
13:36:49 <psankar> FunkyPenguin, :-)
13:37:11 <metalgod> yeah i agree with vuntz
13:37:32 <metalgod> we don't have that much manpower and a big list
13:37:57 <metalgod> this is a kind of work that should be done also with upstream
13:38:09 <vuntz> so, fwiw, we have a "What annoys you in GNOME?" BoF on Friday morning, iirc
13:38:33 <psankar> vuntz, so will that be a discussion session or a hacking session ?
13:38:38 <vuntz> discussion
13:38:51 <vuntz> the goal is to get feedback from people who are not necessarily in the team
13:38:59 <psankar> okay
13:39:01 <vuntz> because they might see things we don't see :-)
13:39:12 <vuntz> and it's only one hour, so it's be short to hack :-)
13:39:21 <metalgod> vuntz: the point is to get that reports, discuss and send to upstream ?
13:39:56 <vuntz> metalgod: send upstream when it makes sense, or fix it ourselves when we can
13:40:00 <psankar> I ask for having one hacking session so that we could send some fixes for upstream from GNOME. simple things such as: "calendar launcher from keyboard"  "gdm screen customizer" etc.
13:40:04 <vuntz> metalgod: but yeah, get reports and discuss
13:40:11 <metalgod> vuntz: right... my point
13:40:13 <metalgod> makes sense yes
13:40:22 <metalgod> got a few ones for 3.0 would be nice
13:40:34 <vuntz> psankar: the issue is that a hacking session would require at least one day. But there are talks every day
13:41:10 <psankar> vuntz, hmm agreed. also there is this issue of people getting tired of travel and the need for socializing
13:41:50 <metalgod> psankar: that's an idea i had a couple of months/years ago that we should do a hack week
13:42:13 <metalgod> psankar: i.e. writing a gtk smolt client, upstreaming some patches etc...
13:42:25 <psankar> metalgod, that will be cool. may be we can plan for how to organize one such,, during the conf.
13:42:25 <vuntz> fwiw, if we can get people to go to NÃ¼rnberg, I'm sure we could host a hackfest there
13:42:44 <vuntz> the issue is finding sponsorship money...
13:42:47 <metalgod> psankar: but i think we shouldn't do it on a conference
13:42:54 <psankar> metalgod, okay
13:43:12 <psankar> vuntz, may be during the next desktop summit , after the desktop summit we can have a hacking session
13:43:26 <psankar> vuntz, but that is too far away to plan anything now
13:43:38 <metalgod> psankar: when it's novell hackweek ?
13:43:51 <psankar> i mena, people will travel via their employer/ gnome foundation  to GUADEC/Akademy
13:44:09 <vuntz> psankar: could make sense, yes
13:44:13 <psankar> and then we can ask them to come to Nuremberg (or) have a session in Berlin itself - a NGOME track etc.
13:44:27 <psankar> metalgod, no idea. I am not in the OPS division for a long time now :(
13:44:27 <vuntz> metalgod: I'm not sure we know when the next hackweek will be
13:45:30 <psankar> One more thing  I would liek to porpose is: We keep hearing about a11y and the importance of it. but dont have any clear idea about what we should do to improve it in openSUSE. Last year,
13:45:43 <psankar> there was a track on a11y by sshaw and suserocks but
13:45:52 <psankar> it coincided with some other talk and didnt get much reception
13:46:27 <psankar> so I propose we ask them to speak about a11y and what are the top 5-6 tasks that they would require from us GNOME for a11y
13:46:31 <psankar> sounds good ?
13:46:59 <vuntz> makes sense to me
13:47:05 <vuntz> I don't know if sshaw is coming, though
13:47:07 <psankar> may be vuntz knows it already. but I am not sure how many others know what we can do to help a11y.
13:47:10 <psankar> ah :(
13:47:17 <vuntz> I have absolutely no clue about a11y :-)
13:47:28 <psankar> i believe somoen from SLE desktop team would come.
13:47:49 <psankar> sreeves, may be ?
13:48:30 <vuntz> I think sreeves will be there, yes
13:48:33 <psankar> IIUC the SLE team was doing soething for a11y and they will have better knowledge to spoeak about a11y along with suserrocks
13:48:48 <vuntz> but I'm sure he'd prefer to have someone else talk about a11y too ;-)
13:49:05 <metalgod> vuntz: suserocks himself ? :)
13:49:21 <psankar> vuntz, may be we can make it an #action on sreeves to find someone to speak from his team ;-)
13:49:27 <metalgod> or probably someone from mono a11y
13:49:43 <psankar> metalgod, yes suserocks for sure. we need one more person also to accompany him
13:49:50 <psankar> just like last year
13:50:22 <vuntz> SUSEhelp: tell sshaw are you coming to the openSUSE conf? Or do you know who is coming and could talk about a11y?
13:50:23 <SUSEhelp> vuntz: Okay, will ask upon next speaking. (Sent to 1 person.)
13:50:53 <vuntz> so we'll see if can get such a meeting to happen. That'd be useful, indeed
13:51:01 <vuntz> any other topic we should discuss with other teams?
13:51:27 <psankar> vuntz, there is one topic that is bothering me but it is not related to opensuse directly
13:51:30 <sandy|lurk> DimStar: should probably wait on Snowy l10n until after the hackfest next month
13:51:34 <sandy|lurk> we may make big UI changes
13:51:40 <sandy|lurk> don't want to waste anyone's time
13:51:58 <vuntz> psankar: yes?
13:51:59 <psankar> vuntz, it is about icons and their cache , which doesnt get visible until logout in gnome bcos of caching
13:52:33 <sandy|lurk> vuntz: yeah, snowy packages would be welcome, but I don't see them as being as urgent for a web app as for a desktop app
13:52:51 <vuntz> sandy|lurk: ok
13:52:55 <sandy|lurk> a suse studio appliance would be pretty hawt
13:52:59 <psankar> vuntz, and i was told that rpm guys will have to help . may be we can talk to some people and convince them that it is needed soonish etc. ?
13:53:13 <vuntz> psankar: so, we've decided to go ahead and fix it the long way
13:53:32 <vuntz> psankar: all packages installing icons in hicolor should use some macros in %post and %postun
13:53:49 <psankar> vuntz, okay. I getback that proposal :-)
13:53:56 <vuntz> psankar: %icon_theme_cache_post and %icon_theme_cache_postun
13:54:03 <psankar> vuntz, okay
13:54:14 <vuntz> psankar: feel free to fix a few packages ;-)
13:54:24 <psankar> vuntz, hehe sure :-)
13:54:41 <metalgod> vuntz: ok an interesting topic: how can we get more developers to use opensuse ?
13:54:58 <vuntz> metalgod: something to discuss at the conference, or now? :-)
13:55:00 <psankar> metalgod, i believe that will be gnome-agnostic
13:55:05 <metalgod> vuntz: at the conference
13:55:15 <metalgod> vuntz: with the marketing team
13:56:11 <vuntz> metalgod: ok
13:56:25 <vuntz> added to my list
13:56:33 <metalgod> giving that we already ship GNOME releases at day 1
13:56:36 <vuntz> I forgot to tell what I have in my list already :-)
13:56:47 <metalgod> we have a few developers using it already
13:56:50 <vuntz> talk to the security team about gnomesu replacement (probably pkexec)
13:56:51 <metalgod> what's missing ?
13:57:09 <vuntz> talk to legal team about how to automatically configure a community repo for codecs
13:57:17 <vuntz> that's the two things I had
13:57:21 <metalgod> wonderful
13:57:30 <psankar> vuntz, one more idea i have is: we have a Kernel of the day rpms in a build-service project. I am told that kiwi can help us create KVM images. so we can try to create KVM images of he full GNOME using Kernl-of-the-day and gnome-factory-of-the-day which can be used by testers etc.
13:57:59 <psankar> I believe mmarek and some kernel people iwl come and we will have buildservice people as well in the conf
13:58:05 <metalgod> psankar: yeah i get your idea... it's like gnome developer kit
13:58:14 <psankar> metalgod, yeah,
13:58:28 <psankar> metalgod, but with the latest opensuse-kernel also
13:58:31 <vuntz> psankar: stupid question but... why would we need the kernel of the day on such an image?
13:58:56 <psankar> vuntz, you can test both the kernel and the desktop. (wireless/ webcam regressions etc.)
13:59:03 <metalgod> psankar: i'm more for having a GNOME 2.32 spinoff
13:59:06 <metalgod> like the kde team did
13:59:29 <vuntz> so, anyway, creating an image based on GNOME:Factory is not hard
13:59:37 <vuntz> we do have a project in the build service for this
13:59:48 <psankar> vuntz, metalgod I believe the kernel team will also start liking gnome, if we can give them a test bed. none will test a kernel alone. but running a vm with kernel and apps. is easier
13:59:58 <psankar> vuntz, oh ? okay. didnt know that
14:00:10 <vuntz> GNOME:Medias
14:00:27 <vuntz> we just need someone to step up and take care of it
14:00:34 <psankar> vuntz, it creates preconfigured kvm images ?
14:00:40 <vuntz> it creates a livecd right now
14:00:47 <psankar> if so, we should advertise it more. so that people can download and test it.
14:00:49 <psankar> ah okay
14:00:59 <vuntz> but that's probably just a flag
14:01:06 <psankar> i believe creating kvm images is better than livecd for testers
14:01:21 <vuntz> and it'd be amazing to have someone step up and take care of GNOME:Medias
14:02:00 <psankar> hmm okay. so probably can be discussed in the gnome session about medias and how we can improve it and how we can maintian it etc.
14:02:12 <psankar> i mean in the gnome session in the conference
14:03:15 <vuntz> any other idea?
14:04:03 <psankar> nothing more from my end. apart from an ice-cream-deathmatch
14:04:17 <psankar> may be to add German-ness into the event, Beer can be mixed with the ice-cream
14:04:18 <vuntz> :-)
14:04:51 <vuntz> that's crazy ;-)
14:04:59 <psankar> :)
14:05:45 <psankar> curtains down ?
14:06:19 <vuntz> okay, so we're done, I guess
14:06:21 <vuntz> thanks all
14:06:37 <vuntz> psankar: quick question: do you know when the next normal meeting will be?
14:06:48 <psankar> vuntz, oh nothing planned :-)
14:06:54 <psankar> vuntz, whenever you want it ot be :-)
14:07:05 <psankar> vuntz, I thought may be after conference
14:07:19 <psankar> otherwise I would've sent one for hte mid of october
14:08:03 <vuntz> psankar: well, it's up to you
14:08:18 <vuntz> we just need to not forget about it :-)
14:08:21 <vuntz> #endmeeting