<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-gnome: openSUSE GNOME Team Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-gnome: openSUSE GNOME Team Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by metalgod at 13:45:43 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-gnome.2010-11-25-13.45.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Feature/Future plans for openSUSE 11.4 (vuntz)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-gnome.2010-11-25-13.45.log.html#l-7'>metalgod</a>, 13:46:17)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">psankar Talk
    with the security team about gnomesu replacement for Yast</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2010-11-25-13.45.log.html#l-56'>metalgod</a>,
    13:55:49)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vuntz Talk
    with the security team about gnomesu replacement for Yast</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2010-11-25-13.45.log.html#l-57'>metalgod</a>,
    13:56:04)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Conference and Project Update (vuntz, Captain Magnus, Dimstar)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-gnome.2010-11-25-13.45.log.html#l-61'>metalgod</a>, 13:56:39)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Bugday plans or Updates (Should call Alexander ? Vuntz)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-gnome.2010-11-25-13.45.log.html#l-106'>metalgod</a>, 14:06:34)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Any updates or call-for-help from Meego camp ? (FunkyPenguin, fcrozat)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-gnome.2010-11-25-13.45.log.html#l-133'>metalgod</a>, 14:10:08)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Packaging needs for 11.4 (everyone)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-gnome.2010-11-25-13.45.log.html#l-222'>metalgod</a>, 14:27:12)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">psankar ask
    ajorg (mono team) if someone can SR smuxi to G:Apps</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2010-11-25-13.45.log.html#l-248'>metalgod</a>,
    14:31:36)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span
    class="ACTION">Feedback/Issues with 11.4 milestone builds</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2010-11-25-13.45.log.html#l-256'>metalgod</a>,
    14:33:19)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Q &amp;
    A</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2010-11-25-13.45.log.html#l-267'>metalgod</a>,
    14:35:59)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Q &amp; A</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-gnome.2010-11-25-13.45.log.html#l-270'>metalgod</a>, 14:36:05)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 14:43:45 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-gnome.2010-11-25-13.45.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>psankar Talk with the security team about gnomesu replacement for Yast</li>
  <li>vuntz Talk with the security team about gnomesu replacement for Yast</li>
  <li>psankar ask ajorg (mono team) if someone can SR smuxi to G:Apps</li>
  <li>Feedback/Issues with 11.4 milestone builds</li>
  <li>Q &amp; A</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> psankar <ol>
    <li>psankar Talk with the security team about gnomesu replacement for Yast</li>
    <li>psankar ask ajorg (mono team) if someone can SR smuxi to G:Apps</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> vuntz <ol>
    <li>vuntz Talk with the security team about gnomesu replacement for Yast</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>Feedback/Issues with 11.4 milestone builds</li>
    <li>Q &amp; A</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>metalgod (118)</li>
  <li>vuntz (69)</li>
  <li>psankar (51)</li>
  <li>FunkyPenguin (33)</li>
  <li>bittin (19)</li>
  <li>fcrozat (9)</li>
  <li>DimStar (7)</li>
  <li>bugbot (4)</li>
  <li>wolfiR (4)</li>
  <li>prusnak (3)</li>
  <li>peter_xos (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
