=======================================
#opensuse-gnome: openSUSE GNOME Meeting
=======================================


Meeting started by vuntz at 13:44:48 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-gnome/2010/opensuse-gnome.2010-12-16-13.44.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Project Update  (vuntz, 13:45:10)
  * GNOME in Factory is up-to-date and (mostly) builds fine now  (vuntz,
    14:00:51)
  * we got some new apps again (most are waiting for legal review)
    (vuntz, 14:01:12)
  * we got some maintenance releases, we could do more if people can
    help  (vuntz, 14:01:33)
  * GNOME:Next got created; it will track 3.0 for now. It's not for
    end-users though (it will move to G:S:3.0 when it will be ready)
    (vuntz, 14:02:12)
  * we'll push G:S:2.32 to Tumbleweed  (vuntz, 14:02:31)
  * ACTION: psankar to install Tumbleweed and look for GNOME issues
    there  (vuntz, 14:02:48)
  * ACTION: badshah400 to update glib2 in G:S:2.32  (vuntz, 14:03:00)
  * ACTION: vuntz to copy latest 2.32 versions from G:F to G:S:2.32
    (vuntz, 14:03:13)
  * ACTION: vuntz to sr G:S:2.32 to tumbleweed  (vuntz, 14:03:21)
  * metalgod and badshah400 are willing to help for maintenance updates
    (vuntz, 14:06:19)
  * ACTION: vuntz to look for next maintenance updates to do  (vuntz,
    14:06:29)
  * ACTION: psankar Talk with the security team about gnomesu
    replacement for Yast  (vuntz, 14:09:11)
  * ACTION: psankar ask ajorg (mono team) if someone can SR smuxi to
    G:Apps  (vuntz, 14:09:21)
  * ACTION: vuntz to discuss with legal team how to make the
    licensing-related bugs open by default  (vuntz, 14:09:46)
  * LINK: https://features.opensuse.org/query/tag?tag=gnome   (vuntz,
    14:11:33)
  * we need to triage https://features.opensuse.org/query/tag?tag=gnome
    (vuntz, 14:13:21)
  * LINK: https://bugs.launchpad.net/gdm2setup/+bug/682868   (nmarques,
    14:16:01)
  * ACTION: psankar & badshah400 to find a date/time for the feature
    triage day  (vuntz, 14:22:58)
  * libs are no problem, and mostly done  (vuntz, 14:26:18)
  * some indicators are already fine, but some should probably be
    ignored (require core patching)  (vuntz, 14:26:56)
  * polishing is needed  (vuntz, 14:27:16)
  * the idea is to use use source services to easily provide a live
    image  (vuntz, 14:39:15)
  * we want the image to be usable by upstream, so it shouldn't be
    branded openSUSE too strongly  (vuntz, 14:39:35)
  * this work will be merge with the G:N work  (vuntz, 14:39:48)
  * ACTION: vuntz to investigate if we can find some server that can be
    used as build bot for build.gnome.org  (vuntz, 14:42:30)
  * with M5: no banshee, tomboy, gnome-do  (vuntz, 14:45:24)
  * ACTION: metalgod to find a solution for the mono apps not being in
    M5  (vuntz, 14:50:58)
  * there's some discussion on https://bugzilla.novell.com/637764, a
    change in the behavior of the packagekit updater  (vuntz, 14:58:49)
  * ACTION: badshah400 to check if pkcon exhibits the same behavior as
    the updater applet  (vuntz, 14:59:03)
  * LINK: http://karl-tux-stadt.de/ktuxs/?p=2677   (nmarques, 15:00:01)
  * should we move to the new theme?
    http://karl-tux-stadt.de/ktuxs/?p=2677  (vuntz, 15:01:21)
  * LINK: http://img.susepaste.org/59475213   (gnokii, 15:09:01)
  * ACTION: vuntz to start discussion on opensuse-gnome about the
    background, and get this discussed on opensuse-project afterwards
    (vuntz, 15:41:45)



Meeting ended at 15:46:04 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* badshah400
  * badshah400 to update glib2 in G:S:2.32
  * psankar & badshah400 to find a date/time for the feature triage day
  * badshah400 to check if pkcon exhibits the same behavior as the
    updater applet
* metalgod
  * metalgod to find a solution for the mono apps not being in M5
* psankar
  * psankar to install Tumbleweed and look for GNOME issues there
  * psankar Talk with the security team about gnomesu replacement for
    Yast
  * psankar ask ajorg (mono team) if someone can SR smuxi to G:Apps
  * psankar & badshah400 to find a date/time for the feature triage day
* vuntz
  * vuntz to copy latest 2.32 versions from G:F to G:S:2.32
  * vuntz to sr G:S:2.32 to tumbleweed
  * vuntz to look for next maintenance updates to do
  * vuntz to discuss with legal team how to make the licensing-related
    bugs open by default
  * vuntz to investigate if we can find some server that can be used as
    build bot for build.gnome.org
  * vuntz to start discussion on opensuse-gnome about the background,
    and get this discussed on opensuse-project afterwards



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* vuntz (203)
* nmarques (107)
* metalgod (87)
* psankar (66)
* gnokii (44)
* badshah400 (27)
* fcrozat (25)
* wstephenson (10)
* DimStar (6)
* bugbot (4)
* mmeeks (2)
* ReferenceSeete (2)
* kay (1)
* mrdocs (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4