<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-testing log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:01:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:01:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Mon Jan 16 18:01:52 2012 UTC.  The chair is bmwiedemann. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:01:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:02:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> Hello everyone
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:02:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> As always, today's agenda is on http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Testing_meeting
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:02:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> You can still add to the agenda on the wiki while the meeting is in progress
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:02:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> good evening bmwiedemann
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:02:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> and Holgi
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:02:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> Hi everyone.
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:02:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> re Creatura85
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:02:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> hello LWFinger
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:03:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> hi larry
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:03:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Testing Team</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:04:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> this is pretty much your topic (even though, I also feel, that there is some work to be done)
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:04:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> Yes, it is.
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:05:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> The reason I brought this up is that the TCT has more than 20 members, but only a few of us do anything.
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:05:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> Should we reorganize and remove the inactive "members"?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:05:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> i just know 3 members since i joined this channel and now :)
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:06:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> you, bmwiedemann and Holgi, where are rest of 17 listed ?
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:06:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> they are not on the wiki page
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:06:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Testing_Core_team
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:07:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> ok, i`m updated now
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:07:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Holgi:</span> It is your group. What do you think?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:07:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> sometimes there is also jradzuweit
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:08:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> from my point of view
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> no work, no present -&gt; no member
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:09:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> but just kicking someone does feel bad.
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:09:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> that means -&gt; we can change the page
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:09:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> I agree. Is that something you handle, or should the rest of us do it?
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:09:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> we could start by asking them first, if they want to remain part of the team (and do some testing) or want to leave
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:09:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Holgi:</span> how do you define an member of the testing team?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:09:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> but it's not "my group"
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:10:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> we starte with a group of applicants
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> I know, some others from the TCT joined in our Open-Bugs-Days
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:11:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> or just file bugs when they encounter them
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:11:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> I think it's an dynamic group
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:11:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:11:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> we just need to talk if members need to be on the page
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:11:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> i belive they must be, and to put at least an e-mail address
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:12:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> They all get the meeting notices. Obviously, if they cared, they would be here.
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> but, since i`m new here, i will leave it up to you guys to decide it
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:12:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> +1
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:12:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> we also have the opensuse-testing mailing list
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:13:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> as a contact point
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:13:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> I mean it's not that I want to remove people from the group that are contributing, but &gt; 1 year of no reaction is like leaving the group
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:13:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Holgi:</span> i dont want to be rude but for me a mailing list is a bit ... i dont` know... hard to digest
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:14:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:14:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> I see
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:14:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> some are active on ML, but not on IRC
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:14:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bmwiedemann:</span> then we do not need to remove them
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:14:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> i was a subscriber to one i did not like much about it :)
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:15:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> what is better to digest then?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:15:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> i guess you need to create a small poll here with a single question
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:15:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> regarding members
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:16:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bmwiedemann:</span> i dont know but personally i dont like mailing lists too much, they eat to much inbox :)
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:16:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> Should we request new applications similar to what was done earlier? Any current member that does not reallpy can be cut.
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:17:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> s/reallpy/reapply/
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:17:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> lets say i want to apply for the testing team what are the conditions for an applicant ? and of course where does one apply ? :)
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:17:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> I don't think that's necessary
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:17:58 </span><span class="nka">* a-865</span> <span class="ac">sees a grand total of 1 opensuse-testing mailing list post in archives for month of January</span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:18:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> either someone is active or not
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:18:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> application process was just use to start a group
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:18:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> maybe request for new members / help in forums/mailing lists
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:19:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="hi">a-865:</span> that is because 12.1 release is out and 12.2 is only just starting
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:19:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Holgi:</span> OK. Thus we make the group truly dynamic.
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:19:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> that is my view on that
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:19:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;a-865&gt;</span> right, between a GA announcement and a first milestone, what is there to test?
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:20:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> my guess some of initial applicants wanted to say: look I'm member of an openSUSE team mainly
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:20:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> not mainly help - and that is not what we want
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:20:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Holgi:</span> I agree.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:20:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> we are looking for people that cuntribute
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:20:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> contribute
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:21:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Holgi:</span> what is the point of having this TCT list anyway? (apart from testopia technicalities) - would be much nicer if people could be opensuse-testers by just filing on bugzilla and discussing on ML/IRC/whereever
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:22:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bmwiedemann:</span> right, that is also my view - remove the list of names
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:22:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bmwiedemann:</span> everybody can test, join this meeting or discuss in our mailinglist
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:23:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> the group is defined by active contributers
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:23:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> we could also do another round of "invite to testing" on forums before next Beta
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:23:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Holgi:</span> thats nice if everybody can contribute
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:24:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> OK, I'll do the "invite to testing".
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:24:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> many open-source projects have a meritocracy. Those who do things, define how it is done
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:25:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> you shoud post a link here in channel`s topic as well :)
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:25:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> I don't understand.
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:26:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> Link to what?
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:26:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> you should post an link to the forum post in this channell
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:26:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> thats what i said
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:26:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> *channel
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:27:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> OK. I'm not sure what that will do, but I'll do it.
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:27:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> you may never know
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:30:24 </span><span class="nka">* Creatura85</span> <span class="ac">excuse my lag :)</span>
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:31:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> other thoughts on this topic?
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:31:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> If I can summarize, we will (1) remove the list of names from the wiki page, and (2) Post the invitation for testing in several places. Anything else?
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:31:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> sounds good with 2
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:32:13 </span><span class="nka">* Holgi</span> <span class="ac">agrees</span>
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:32:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> for 2) wait until software gets into a more testable state. say a week before MS4
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:32:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> OK.
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:33:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Bug Status VERIFIED/CLOSED</span>
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:34:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> whose topic was this?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:34:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> that topic was added by me
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:34:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> i`m new to this, so the question is fair i suppose: what do we do to solved bugs by a new version or updates?
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:35:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> you mean regressions introduced by new versions?
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:35:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> no bw
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:35:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> no bmwiedemann
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:35:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> i was talking about bugs that where solved/fixed by updates or new packages
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:36:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> should a bug report be closed if such a tthing happens ?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:36:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> if the bugs only occurred on Factory, and the new version was accepted into Factory, then yes.
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:36:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> and what about stable versions
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:36:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:36:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> if it was in a released version like 11.4 or 12.1, then there would need to be a maintenance update
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:37:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> and when that one is pushed out for all versions, the bug should be CLOSED
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:37:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> then its no problem if i closed several bugs
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:37:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> that i have reproduced
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:38:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> and i foundem fixed on stable 12.1 opensuse
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:38:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> i can provide a link if you want to check me :)
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:39:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> As long as the bug was produced against 12.1 and it has been fixed, then it should be closed.
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:39:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> sometimes, no updates are released for old versions (e.g. if change would be too intrusive or bug is unimportant), then it just stays open
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:39:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> or is CLOSED as WONTFIX
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:39:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> yes i have tested only againts 12.1
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:39:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> i have a clean OS under vbox
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:40:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> *against
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:40:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> with official repo`s only
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:40:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> there are different types of CLOSED:
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:40:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> CLOSED FIXED means: developer applied fix
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:41:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> CLOSED VERIFIED means: fix is released and tested as fixed
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:41:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> so usually a bug goes to CLOSED FIXED
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:41:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> then tested and to CLOSED VERIFIED
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:41:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> if bugzilla loads i will post a link :)
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:42:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> https://bugzilla.novell.com/buglist.cgi?bug_status=NEW&amp;bug_status=ASSIGNED&amp;bug_status=NEEDINFO&amp;bug_status=REOPENED&amp;bug_status=CLOSED&amp;email1=creation1985%40yahoo.com&amp;emaillongdesc1=1&amp;emailtype1=substring&amp;query_format=advanced&amp;order=bug_severity%2Cpriority&amp;query_based_on=
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:42:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> but sure, if you find an open bug as fixed you can go to CLOSED VERIFIED directly
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:42:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> here are the bugs that i have checked :)
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:42:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Holgi:</span> I think, VERIFIED is yet another state like RESOLVED or CLOSED
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:43:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> i have applied only closed fixed
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:43:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bmwiedemann:</span> yes, maybe I was not specific enough
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:43:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> "Please stand by ..." @ bugzilla
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:43:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> does the link loads for you ?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:43:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">correct:</span> would be: RESOLVED FIXED and RESOLVED VERIFIED then closed
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:44:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> yes
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:44:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> damn... since the protests in my country even the internet sucks...
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:45:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> i`m glad it works for you Holgi
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:45:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> what's "your" country?
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:46:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> Romania
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:47:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> finally is loaded :)
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:47:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> it's slow here in Germany as well
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:47:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> so not local problem for you
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:47:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;a-865&gt;</span> way slow here in SE USA
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:47:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Holgi:</span> i live in an ex-comunist country
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:47:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> dont be so sure about it :)
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:48:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> Slow in the central USA as well.
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:48:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> I have no insights - so you might be right ;-)
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:48:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> It appears to be a novell.com problem.
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:48:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> i hope so
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:49:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> so shall we move to our next topic?
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:49:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">12.2 testing planning</span>
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:49:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> yes bmwiedemann
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:52:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> MS1 should be coming later this month, but there will be a lot of development going on until freeze starts in April (according to preliminary http://www.suse.de/~coolo/opensuse_12.2/ )
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:54:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> M1 on Jan, 21st
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:54:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> = this saturday
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:55:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> releases are usually on Thursdays... so this is likely not reliable
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:55:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> That may not happen. The Live CD's fail to boot  ATM.
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:56:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> so i guess that not much testing around to do ?
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:56:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> until last week, only zypper dup worked to get a current factory system (and then they broke even this with a glibc update ;-(
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:56:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> In addition, OBS was down for a few days.
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:57:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> yes. SAN died from multi-HDD failure. needed restore from backup
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:57:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> are you awre of http://openqa.opensuse.org/ ?
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:57:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> that gives you a good first impression on a build
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:58:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Holgi:</span> i prefer to simply test and report
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:58:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:58:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> yes i know about that site
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:58:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> I mean if it's worth of testing
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:59:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> If openQA cannot boot it on a KVM virtual machine, do not waste your bandwidth downloading.
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">19:00:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> is there something wrong with using vbox and bugzilla as ways to test and report bugs ?
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">19:00:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> it is usually OK. just that VBox might have bugs of its own.
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">19:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> No. I seldom test on a real machine until MS4, and then usually run in production with MS5 and later.
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">19:01:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bmwiedemann:</span>  i realise that but so foar so good
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">19:01:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> and truste me i dont push vbox much around :)
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">19:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> fine
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">19:02:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> There have been cases where VBox would not boot 11.4 MSx, but not for a while.
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">19:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> well i dont have another real machine to use, each of my 160gb hdd`s have their own OS on them :)
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">19:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> i will try to do my best with vbox
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">19:03:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> testing virtual is fine in nearly all cases
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">19:04:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> I'm fortunate enough to have a 500 GB hard drive with several partitions suitable for /.
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">19:04:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">19:04:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> lucky you
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">19:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> this is my real machine
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">19:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> Sysinfo for 'creation': Linux 3.2.0-2-desktop running KDE Development Platform 4.7.2 (4.7.2) "release 5", CPU: Intel(R) Core 2 CPU          4400  @ 2.00GHz at 1200 MHz (4019 bogomips), HD: 243/761GB, RAM: 1392/1992MB, 151 proc's, 8.8h up
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">19:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> it's good
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">19:07:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> so for testing 12.2, I will keep openQA running as good as I can and maybe add some test, when it is easy and worthwhile
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">19:07:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> vbox has 512 mb of ram, and 20gb of space
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">19:08:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> does the testing team has a lider? :)
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">19:09:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> or liders ?
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">19:10:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> a small board of 3 persons should be nice to be put on the wiki
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">19:11:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> why? you may ask, simply for orientation :)
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">19:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> leaders? as in people organizing?
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">19:12:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> yes,
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">19:12:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> like that
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">19:12:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> composed of the most experienced
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">19:12:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> Holgi, LWFinger and me do a lot of the organization.
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">19:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> and i suggest that you bmwiedemann, Holgi and LWFinger should the the magnificent 3
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">19:13:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> :P
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">19:13:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> well then i belive that your names should remain in the wiki as the testing team planers or organizators :)
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">19:14:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> but, uhm... what if other people would like to organize... would they not feel disencouraged then?
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">19:15:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">19:15:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> because they will have to colaborate with you
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">19:15:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> and thus improve
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">19:16:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> but since you have 20 members and dont now how many of them are still active
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">19:16:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> that wont be the case
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">19:17:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> OK
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">19:18:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> I suppose, LWFinger will continue wireless testing on new kernels with 12.2
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">19:19:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> I saw, even Linus now uses openSUSE :)
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">19:20:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> i heard he like xfce more than gnome 3
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">19:20:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> :P
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">19:20:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> *likes
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">19:20:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> well. I also know KDE-developers who liked gnome3
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">19:20:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> Yes, I will continue testing wireless.
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">19:20:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> so everyone does as he likes. this is why we have choice in openSUSE.
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">19:21:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bmwiedemann:</span> correct
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">19:21:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> i can edit the wiki page at members and leave only the 3 of you
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">19:21:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">19:22:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> but you should then also add some explanation, that these are just for coordination and everyone is supposed to test, file, discuss, etc
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">19:22:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> coordonation members ?
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">19:22:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> does that sound good to you ?
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">19:23:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> coordinating would be the correct word.
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">19:23:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> sorry :)
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">19:23:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> how about "main coordinating members" ?
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">19:23:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> sound appropriate :)
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">19:24:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">LWFinger:</span> ?
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">19:24:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Holgi:</span> ?
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">19:24:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> That's OK. English is not your mother tongue. It is mine. The idea is OK with me.
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">19:24:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">19:25:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> you are free to edit after me
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">19:27:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Holgi&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> I would vote for: if you have questions, you can contact us 3
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">19:28:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> or the ML
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">19:28:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> sure Holgi
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">19:30:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> well on to the next topic then ?
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">19:30:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> Bernhard M. Wiedemann 	bmwiedemann ; ICQ: 41890653 	susetestingbmw at lsmod de 		Germany
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">19:30:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> Holger "Holgi" Sickenberg 	Holgi 	holgi - at - opensuse - org 		Germany
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">19:30:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> Larry Finger 	LWFinger 	Larry.Finger@lwfinger.net 		US
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">19:31:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> is this correct ?
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">19:32:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Testing_Core_team
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">19:32:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> looks OK. Don't worry, we can still edit it later.
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">19:33:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> yes i know
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">19:33:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> i see that the wiki page needs some works in other areas as well
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">19:34:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">19:35:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> well if you guys have the time this days i can "bug" you with the questions and wait for an answer
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">19:35:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> :P
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">19:35:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creaqtura85:</span> Yes, that is correct.
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">19:36:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> that would be nice of you.
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">19:36:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> this is my first time using the wiki so correct me if i wrong
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">19:37:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> you want to use the preview before saving
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">19:37:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> i used it and all looks fine to me
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">19:38:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> good
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">19:38:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> let's move to the last topic then
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">19:39:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">next meeting</span>
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">19:39:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> so pick a date
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">19:39:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">19:39:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> as there is not much to test or discuss right now, we could have our next meeting in 4 weeks
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">19:39:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> are meetings once a month ?
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">19:40:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> yes, sounds good to me
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">19:40:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> it is slightly dynamic. before a release we sometimes met every week
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">19:41:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> Do we want to be a little closer to MS1? In 4 weeks is OK.
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">19:41:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bmwiedemann:</span> understood
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">19:41:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> i bet that M1 will not boot under vbox even in live mode
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">19:41:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> :P
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">19:42:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> That is a safe bet.
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">19:43:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> I could talk coolo into delaying M1 until it is bootable ;)
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">19:43:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> will see that on m1 release
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">19:43:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bmwiedemann:</span> i`m the only one that uses vbox ?
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">19:43:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">19:44:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> I use VBox.
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">19:44:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> Is Feb 6 OK - that is 4 weeks.
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">19:44:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> well then.. do you guys want to delay m1 release ?
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">19:44:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> I thought 2012-02-13
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">19:45:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> You are right. I counted wrong.
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">19:45:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> feb 6 is 3 weeks
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">19:45:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">19:45:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> there is no point in releasing software that can not be used
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">19:46:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> so 2012-02-13 18:00 UTC again
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">19:46:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> Right.
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">19:46:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> lets vote for it: do you guys belive that m1 should be released on another date ?
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">19:47:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> a few days of delay
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">19:47:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> I'm for releasing it, when it is installing+booting - whenever that will be
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">19:48:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> In the past, the Release Manager controls that. If it will not work at all, he usually waits. I say let Coolo decide.
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">19:48:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">19:49:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> Holgi:
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">19:49:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> As openQA will learn first if a particular build, Coolo can be notified as bmwiedermann said earlier.
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">19:49:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> what about you ?
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">19:49:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> what do you thing ?
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">19:52:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> the decision is with the Release Manager anyway (which is usually sane).
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">19:52:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> well then bmwiedemann you keep in touch with Coolo
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">19:52:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">19:52:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> let us close today's meeting. we talked long enough
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">19:52:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;LWFinger&gt;</span> I agree.
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">19:53:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> Thanks everyone for attending. I will add links to the logs on http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Testing_meeting
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">19:53:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
