<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-marketing log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">16:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing Team Meeting 18-January-2011</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">16:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Jan 18 16:05:59 2011 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">16:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">16:07:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ok guys 'n gals... we're going to have a simple agenda today focusing on two topics.   Of course, as is our tradition, those topics are heavy  :-)
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">16:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.  SCALE + Hackfest (20 minutes)
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">16:07:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2.  11.4 Release Planning (Remainder of meeting)
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">16:08:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting in progress | Topic:  SCALE + Hackfest</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">16:08:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So let me give you all a quick run through about where we are at and then we can open up for discussions:
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">16:08:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.  Travel plans are pretty much underway and we're going to have 10 people at the hackest + 2 people at the SCALE conference
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">16:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Alan Clark and jospoortvliet will both be giving speaking presentations during regular SCALE sessions
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">16:09:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. We are now doing logistics for the booth planning and I'll get to that in a minute
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">16:09:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> I am only missing Carlos for the Scale Registration.
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">16:10:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> yihaaaa
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">16:10:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3.  lupinstein is working on SCALE openSUSE Day  and he should discuss that in a minute as well.
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">16:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so the booth...
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">16:10:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We will have a very nice booth with a plasma tv  (either 42 inch or 52 inch) and chairs
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">16:11:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> nice paneled booth courtesy of Novell
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">16:11:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> And we would like to give 15 minute presentations throughout the weekend
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">16:12:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So... we should do some organizing on that idea of making sure we have lots of good topics to talk about at the booth
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">16:12:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Think  10-minute presentation and 5 minute Q&amp;A for all
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">16:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We need to have a discussion also about swag.  But let's turn over to lupinstein for any thoughts on openSUSE Day
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">16:13:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> lupinstein,   You have the floor.
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">16:13:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> Ok, we have be granted openSUSE Day at SCALE
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">16:14:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> I was think about doing some work shops, but we won't have a lot the means to have computers there, unlisten Jos or Alan can help us
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">16:15:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> Plus, I need to change the talks, I am working Alan so the SUSE Studio will be cover in the talk, plus there will be a SUSE Studio there as well
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">16:16:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> lupinstein,   so what is it you feel we can accomplish with an openSUSE day?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">16:16:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> So I like to resend the ideas I have, see what we can do. I like to explain on the 10 to 15 minute present Bryen is talking about doing.
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">16:16:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> What day will it be and what resources do we get?
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">16:17:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> Sorry I am try to rework it, one idea I am want to do is to have the Ambassador get together and give a talk about their commnity
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">16:17:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> I am also looking at what we can do with out a lab
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">16:17:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> we could give openSUSE installation courses or something like that?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">16:17:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> or build a SUSE Studio distro
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">16:18:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> or build a package with OBS
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">16:18:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> these can inititially be presented in 10 min talks at the booth
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">16:18:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and I think we have the people who can lead that
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">16:18:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> then we tell ppl to get hands on experience in the oS day
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">16:18:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> Sounds good.
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">16:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> just trowing some ideas
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">16:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I would love to do the SUSE Studio one :D
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">16:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> it's fun :D
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">16:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sshaw,    how do you feel about helping out with OBS labs?
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">16:18:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">lupinstein:</span> just make a quick schedule and let ppl fill it in
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">16:19:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I'm all for it
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">16:19:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> sign me up
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">16:19:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> yes, that what I had plan, but suseROCKs kinda made like we couldn't do because we didn't have the computers
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">16:19:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">lupinstein:</span> many ppl bring their laptop, right?
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">16:19:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> visitors too...
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">16:19:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I hope :D
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">16:19:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, I am got my talk as well on SUSE Studios
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">16:19:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> ok, let me resend it and work on as a group
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">16:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">lupinstein:</span> ok but talk is different from workshop, as in - "do this; click there" etc
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">16:19:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> what's the concern about computers... sorry I'm trying to do a dozen things at once
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">16:19:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> lupinstein,   its not that I said we cant do it.  (don't quote me wrongly hehe)  but that I want to make sure we have what we need to make it a success.
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">16:19:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">lupinstein:</span> but as you talk on studio, you could do the workshop too
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">16:20:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'd rather have no openSUSE day than egg on our face cuz we didn't think of all the details  (which we're doing now)
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">16:20:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> we will work it out.
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">16:20:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> well you're right in that we have no guarantee that ppl brought their laptop
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">16:20:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  it won't be an egg
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">16:20:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but we can get a schedule up before hand and tell ppl to bring their laptop!
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">16:20:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> we have plenty of time to get it worked otu.
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">16:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> out
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">16:20:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">lupinstein:</span> indeed
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">16:20:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we have a month to work it out  :-D
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">16:20:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> we need to make sure we have a bunch of stickers for openSUSE day
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">16:20:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> that what I told suseROCKs, ppl bring computers
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">16:21:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> people love stickers
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">16:21:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sshaw,   that'll be part of the swag discussion
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">16:21:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Which I think will go on the ML than here.
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">16:21:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> There's a variety of good swag opportunities I want to get started on this week
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">16:21:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> yes, I love someone do an openSUSE Banner
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">16:21:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> ok on SCALE
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">16:22:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> we are only missing Carlos
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">16:22:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> lupinstein,   we're getting panels for this one
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">16:22:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I'm trying to have a XO in our booth
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">16:22:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> I have every reg. number
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">16:22:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> XO?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">16:22:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> but him
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">16:22:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> Laptop for Child
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">16:22:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> ren
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">16:22:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">16:22:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> come on, keep up with the acronyms
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">16:22:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> that is super cool
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">16:23:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I love you too sshaw
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">16:23:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I'm asking their permission allow us to put openSUSE on it
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">16:23:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> If anyone see Carlos tell him to register, if not I will register, and get him a small t-shirt ( only kidding on the small shirt)
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">16:23:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> lupinstein,    I suggest go ahead and register him.   No sense waiting.
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">16:23:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">16:23:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I call him and said your message ;)
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">16:24:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> lupinstein he will go to SP today and will connect later
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">16:24:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> we need to do a planning page on who is going to bring what
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">16:24:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we're 4 minutes over schedule
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">16:24:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> other than that, I think Jos and suseROCKs have gotten everything else
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">16:24:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> lupinstein,   I need to get more details from Novell before we move on to a general "what are we bringing" list
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">16:25:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Hopefully I'll have that in the next couple of days
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">16:25:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> well that what I have, sorry I would have more, but as I stated last night a friend of the family passed away, and I finish the poster for Jos and gave to Helen to add art
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">16:25:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> so I am done
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">16:25:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> any questions
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">16:26:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so everyone has a general idea of what we're doing at SCALE now?   We can continue discussions on the ML now that we have cool idea here
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">16:26:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> can I say "good work to everyone" especially suseROCKs and lupinstein?
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">16:26:43 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">does his little "thank you" dance</span>
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">16:26:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> what if I said no jospoortvliet?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">16:26:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">16:27:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> then I will keep it at the dance and won't say it was good work :D
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">16:27:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">16:27:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I think we can move on to the next topic
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">16:27:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> I am glad we are going to make a present at scale
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">16:27:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team meeting in progress | Topic: 11.4 Release Campaign</span>
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">16:28:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> suseROCKs I'm lost
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">16:28:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde,   how so?
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">16:28:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> SCALE topic already finished?
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">16:28:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes.   unless you needed to add something?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">16:29:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> not really I just think we have many things and leave all to ML isn't really productive
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">16:29:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> I know this off topic, but where is Carlos?
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">16:29:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> at least for me it's kind of boring read all :D
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">16:29:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> just say what you'd like to discuss
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">16:29:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde,   ok  so we should call a dedicated SCALE planning meeting?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">16:29:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> or what you think we should discuss
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">16:30:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> there are definitely many details to get into and its hard to do it in a general meeting with time constraints
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">16:30:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#undo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">16:30:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Removing item from minutes: &lt;MeetBot.items.Topic object at 0x16e99d0&gt;
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">16:30:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I beleive has many topics like letter invitation, hotel confirmation, booth and so on
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">16:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> might I'm little lost :D
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">16:31:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde,   I agree there are a number of details that are a bit scattered at the moment because there are people involved and we have to coordinate
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">16:31:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but I think its a good idea if we have a SCALE planning committee meeting at some point soon.  Your point is well taken
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">16:32:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> just another poinrt... here we are actually think in the SCALE properly but it's a bit long way to get there
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">16:32:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> quiet now :D
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">16:32:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> +1 on SCALE planning meeting
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">16:33:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> to be sure SCALE evolved into something much bigger than the orginal SCALE team had envisioned back in December  :-)
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">16:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> when it comes to hotel, it's pretty much booked. but yes, lupinstein I think a special meeting would be good... I propose each sends some questions for that meeting, things they want to know, to the ML or bryen and me so we can make sure we have the answers ready.
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">16:33:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and some details are definitely getting ahead of us and we need to stop and say  hold on... let's get that together so we all maintain the same page
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">16:34:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ok... @jospoortvliet hotel it was just an example
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">16:35:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   I think izabelvalverde raises valid points.   Does everyone know what's all going on and are all concerns being met?   Possibly there's things falling through the cracks and we should not let that happen
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">16:35:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We've seen it happen at a recent conference and we are putting a lot at stake in this conference.   We want to be able to KICK AZZ!  :-)
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">16:36:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So let's agree on a time for a meeting when we can talk dedicated about SCALE and its many forms.
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">16:36:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> lupinstein,  sshaw  izabelvalverde   How do you feel about this Thursday at same hour  16:00 UTC?
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">16:36:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> depend on work for me
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">16:36:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> for me it's ok
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">16:37:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> or do you guys prefer later in the day (which would be evening for izabelvalverde and she wouldn't juggle with her own work)  and it would be afternoon for the rest of us
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">16:38:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh wait  if it s Thursday I can't do evenign  only 16:00 UTC
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">16:38:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> dance class :D
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">16:38:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that's right Ms. Rogers!    Be prepared to dance in the parking lot at the hotel soon!
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">16:38:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> tonight or thursday it's ok for me
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">16:39:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde,   what time locally is good for you?
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">16:40:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> same today or later like in 5 hours from now :)
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">16:40:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> should be 22:00 UTC? right?
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">16:40:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 7 p.m. izabelvalverde   3 p.m. suseROCKs  4 p.m. lupinstein and 2 p.m. sshaw
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">16:40:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> how's that?
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">16:41:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> for today or thursday?
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">16:41:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> today
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">16:41:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> not really I can around 9 pm
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">16:41:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> lupinstein sshaw ?
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">16:41:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> lupinstein,   that's 6 p.m. your time.  Cool?
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">16:42:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde,   let's go ahed with that and whomever can show up we work on details and if there's more details to work on we arrange another gathering soon
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">16:42:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but building up details/list/etc.  we can certainly move forward on that.   Agree?
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">16:43:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> yes :D
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">16:43:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  so that's settled.   9 p.m. izabelvalverde 6 p.m. lupinstein 5 p.m. suseROCKs 4 pm sshaw
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">16:43:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> can we move to next topic?   Running out of time here  :-D
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">16:44:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting in progress | Topic:  11.4 Release Campaign</span>
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">16:45:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> A little incentive before we go forth on this topic...
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">16:45:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We need to get started on this campaign quickly and organize what we need to do.
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">16:45:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Hackfest is part of the purpose of 11.4 Campaign.
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">16:45:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Many of you talk about wanting to see part of L.A. while we are at hackfest.    Here's the catch....
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">16:46:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The more we get done BEFORE we get to L.A. the more likely we will have time to visit a little bit in L.A.
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">16:46:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Hope that's good incentive guys!  :-)
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">16:46:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so jospoortvliet   if you can join in on this very important discussion I'd love it  :-D
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">16:47:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> the good part of build something together in LA is we can brainstorming
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">16:47:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">16:47:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> well yes, but it'll be late
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">16:47:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ok so for the release we have the basics
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">16:47:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> that is a release announcement
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">16:47:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Here's what I would like to propose for us all going forth...   If you recall in December we did a damn good job of dividing up what we need in Marketing and the divide-and-conquer strategy worked very well
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">16:47:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> go on pls
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">16:48:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'd like to propose that we use that same strategy and get people to lead in categories for the campaign
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">16:48:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> one person leading on ambassador/launch party planning
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">16:48:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> one person on materials/writing
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">16:48:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> one person on social media
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">16:48:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> etc.
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">16:48:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> instead of one person trying to handle it all and instead of all the team trying to handle it all together and causing confusion
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">16:48:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> where's Manu? he is pretty good on it
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">16:48:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> what do you think?
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">16:49:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I agree, good plan
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">16:49:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and I volunteer for materials/writing
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">16:49:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> it's what I can do best I guess ;-)
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">16:49:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we can use the todos from the collab days as our basis
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">16:50:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> surely some of those are useful yes
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">16:50:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   go for it then
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">16:50:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">16:50:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and I'll be glad to work with Manu on social media.  I organized a very successful soc media campaign for 11.2 release
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">16:51:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> let's reach out to the amabassador team and lupinstein and ask them how they want to organize their part
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">16:51:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> any thoughts?   folks?
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">16:52:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">16:53:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Warning folks!  If you don't speak up now I'm going to tickle every one of you when I see you!
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">16:53:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> brb someone at door.
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">16:55:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> back
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">16:55:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so let's do that then
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">16:56:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">jospoortvliet to lead the materials/writing part of the 11.4 Release Campaign</span>
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">16:56:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> at this time no, just sleep
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">16:57:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs to contact ambassdor leadership team to plan the Ambassdar/Lauch Party for 11.4 Release campaign</span>
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">16:57:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">suserocks and manugupt1 to lead the social media for 11.4 Release campaign</span>
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">16:57:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I want to make one thing clear as we go forth....
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">16:57:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We want to make a big splash leading up to release day which is March 10
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">16:58:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> But also keep in mind that the 11.4 campaign does not end on March 10.  It continues until the next release in November
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">16:58:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">16:58:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So this is an ongoing campaign.
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">16:59:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so focus not only on short-term ideas but also long term ideas.  Okay folks?
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">16:59:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   anything else you want to add to this topic today?
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">16:59:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> nope
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">16:59:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> the idea to split up responsibilities is awesome
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">16:59:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ...
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">16:59:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Remember the more we do now the more fun we can have in L.A.!
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">17:00:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> indeed :D
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">17:00:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  you still want me to reach out
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">17:00:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> I don't mind just let me know what needs to be done on my part
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">17:00:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> lupinstein,   reach out to?  Ambassador team?
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">17:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> (11:51:07 AM) suseROCKs: let's reach out to the amabassador team and lupinstein and ask them how they want to organize their part
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">17:01:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> or you can lead it if you want too.   Remember that ambassador stuff is a lot of work to coordinate globally  so I don't want any one person handling every single detail.   That's too much burden
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">17:02:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> I think this would be good to have myself, manu, kostas, and calos, and you to work on
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">17:02:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> make a team
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">17:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok lupinstein   then I'm going to leave it to you to coordinate with those folks and make the plans
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">17:02:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> ok. adding to my list.
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">17:02:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> awesome
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">17:03:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I think we covered the major gist of our campaign strategy plan then  and we can wrap up now
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">17:03:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting | Next meeting?</span>
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">17:04:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> let's quickly figure this out.    Our general meetings are now on every third tuesday of the month
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">17:04:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but next month many of us will be in L.A.
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">17:04:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Do we want to have a general meeting before?  Or just use the hackfest as our general meeting?
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">17:04:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> no reason not do do the meeting at the hackfest, of course on IRC...
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">17:05:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">17:05:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> why not
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">17:05:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> it would be good, I can kick you in the nuts when you say something stupid in real life instead of virtually :D
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">17:05:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> or even ask lupinstein to do it so we can all watch!
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">17:05:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   so I can't drool over your beautiful hair in person?
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">17:05:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> I would pay to see that
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">17:05:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> LOL
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">17:05:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> $1 my charge
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">17:06:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so that's settled.  our IRC meeting will take place in Los Angeles
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">17:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I guess we can wrap up now.    How nice!   we kept it ~1 hour today.  good job folks!
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">17:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> for announce is late LA but for other things isn ?
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">17:07:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde_,    such as?
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">17:07:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> the new board
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">17:07:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ahh  good topic
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">17:07:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and in case it is unclear: if anyone objects to this, he/she should just speak up. don't feel decisions are taken by me, lupinstein or suseROCKs or anything - we just interpret silence as agreement so it's on all of you :D
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">17:07:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> can you still doing the meetings?
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">17:08:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> I mean... LA can be complicated for the new board to add
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">17:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> to bring everyone up to speed... around Jan 26 (or thereafter) we will have a new board elected.   We need to be prepared to spread the word about the results as soon as the new board is announced
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">17:08:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> and I'm not saying about Board meeting :D
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">17:08:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we need to help engage jouranlists to talk with new board members  (like we did in previous board election)
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">17:09:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so that event is happening around end of next week
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">17:09:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> so all we can talk in ML
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">17:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> just an idea. How about we delay the announcement two days but notify press right away and offer them a chance for an interview with the new board members?
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">17:09:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   totally up to the election officials if they want to delay that
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">17:09:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> true'
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">17:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but maybe they are willing to make marketing team happy ;-)
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">17:10:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jfyi I'm already asking the officials to consider delaying the end of the election phase due to the fact that people still can't vote right now
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">17:10:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> if others think it's a good idea of course...
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">17:10:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> suseROCKs it's workin now
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">17:10:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> working :)
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">17:11:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> good to hear that.  Although I'm still concerned that 1/3 of the phase was unvotable  :-(
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">17:11:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but let me reach out to the officials and ask them if they don't mind giving a 2-day delay for press purposes
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">17:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> I know this isn't the room to talk about it
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">17:12:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> but does anyone know what is going on with Nelson, is he in or not
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">17:12:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> afaik he put himself back in the race
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">17:12:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> mr nelson is probably in... but he can change his mind any second now ;-)
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">17:13:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> ok, this election a bit confusion
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">17:13:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> clearly not good person to be in a Board
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">17:13:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> indeed
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">17:13:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> lupinstein,   if you have concerns about the confusion you should address it to the election officials.  They're the only ones who can make a decision one way or another
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">17:13:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> then again, maybe it'd be fun if board announcements would suddenly have drama queen quotes in them :D
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">17:13:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">17:14:03 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">tries to act serious and not LOL jospoortvliet's last statement but seriously CANNOT!</span>
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">17:14:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">17:14:33 </span><span class="nka">* lupinstein</span> <span class="ac">looks away shaking his head</span>
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">17:14:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">17:14:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> hehehe
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">17:14:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs  to talk to election officials about delaying announcement to prepare for press engagements</span>
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">17:15:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so I think we covered this topic well.  izabelvalverde_   thanks for bringing it up.
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">17:15:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Are there other pressing items we need to think about before next meeting?   Any other events around the community?
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">17:15:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> the election officials were great helping us with informations... I just would like to give them another thanks ;)
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">17:16:21 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">seconds izabelvalverde_ and raises applause to the officials including HeliosReds who is in the channel now</span>
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">17:16:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">17:16:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">17:17:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so let's wrap up
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">17:17:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> +11
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">17:17:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">17:17:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> as I see no one else bringing up last topics we should close the meeting now
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">17:17:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> objections?
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">17:17:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3...
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">17:17:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2....
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">17:17:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> ops
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">17:18:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">17:18:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">17:18:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> :-P
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">17:18:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1...
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">17:18:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
