<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-marketing: openSUSE Marketing Team Monthly Meeting for 17-May-2011</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-marketing: openSUSE Marketing Team Monthly Meeting for 17-May-2011</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by suseROCKs at 15:01:47 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Welcome to openSUSE Marketing Meeting | Topic:  Upcoming Events</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-29'>suseROCKs</a>, 15:04:23)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">US upcoming events OSCON in July and Ohio Linux
    Fest in Sept</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-49'>suseROCKs</a>,
    15:08:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">German upcoming events Froscon in August and
    Desktop Summit in August</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-50'>suseROCKs</a>,
    15:08:58)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">suseROCKs to
    investigate idea of Hospitality Suite for OSCON thanks to tony__ 's
    suggestion</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-54'>suseROCKs</a>,
    15:09:42)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">suseROCKs to
    work on talking points about "effects of Attachmate acquistion and
    the continued independence of openSUSE"</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-171'>suseROCKs</a>,
    15:33:08)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Welcome to openSUSE Marketing Team | Topic:  openSUSE Conference marketing planning</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-176'>suseROCKs</a>, 15:33:58)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=202207046487042#!/event.php?eid=202207046487042">http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=202207046487042#!/event.php?eid=202207046487042</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-214'>suseROCKs</a>,
    15:40:06)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span
    class="ACTION">jospoortvliet_ to reach out to LinuxMagazin for media
    partnership</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-370'>AJaeger</a>,
    16:03:54)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span
    class="ACTION">jospoortvliet_ add events page to connect.o.o</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-386'>AJaeger</a>,
    16:05:40)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">warlordfff
    .... just write!  :-D</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-396'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:06:59)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ping yaloki
    to set up countdown with oSC material</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-449'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:15:15)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">suseROCKs  to
    discuss artwork needs with artwork team and get that squared
    away</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-464'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:16:59)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span
    class="ACTION">jospoortvliet_ to write skeleton articles to
    -marketing and ask someone to pick them up and finish them</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-486'>AJaeger</a>,
    16:19:16)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">warlordfff
    and AJaeger interview about Zentrifuge</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-492'>AJaeger</a>,
    16:19:59)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">javier and
    rlihm to discuss artwork needs and organization for openSUSE
    Conference</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-539'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:27:45)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">suseROCKs to
    draft outline of oSC promotion planning for marketing team and post
    it by end of week (sooner preferably)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html#l-546'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:29:05)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 16:30:44 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs to investigate idea of Hospitality Suite for OSCON thanks to tony__ 's suggestion</li>
  <li>suseROCKs to work on talking points about "effects of Attachmate acquistion and the continued independence of openSUSE"</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet_ to reach out to LinuxMagazin for media partnership</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet_ add events page to connect.o.o</li>
  <li>warlordfff .... just write!  :-D</li>
  <li>ping yaloki to set up countdown with oSC material</li>
  <li>suseROCKs  to discuss artwork needs with artwork team and get that squared away</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet_ to write skeleton articles to -marketing and ask someone to pick them up and finish them</li>
  <li>warlordfff and AJaeger interview about Zentrifuge</li>
  <li>javier and rlihm to discuss artwork needs and organization for openSUSE Conference</li>
  <li>suseROCKs to draft outline of oSC promotion planning for marketing team and post it by end of week (sooner preferably)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> AJaeger <ol>
    <li>warlordfff and AJaeger interview about Zentrifuge</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> javier <ol>
    <li>javier and rlihm to discuss artwork needs and organization for openSUSE Conference</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> jospoortvliet <ol>
    <li>jospoortvliet_ to reach out to LinuxMagazin for media partnership</li>
    <li>jospoortvliet_ add events page to connect.o.o</li>
    <li>jospoortvliet_ to write skeleton articles to -marketing and ask someone to pick them up and finish them</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> jospoortvliet_ <ol>
    <li>jospoortvliet_ to reach out to LinuxMagazin for media partnership</li>
    <li>jospoortvliet_ add events page to connect.o.o</li>
    <li>jospoortvliet_ to write skeleton articles to -marketing and ask someone to pick them up and finish them</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> suseROCKs <ol>
    <li>suseROCKs to investigate idea of Hospitality Suite for OSCON thanks to tony__ 's suggestion</li>
    <li>suseROCKs to work on talking points about "effects of Attachmate acquistion and the continued independence of openSUSE"</li>
    <li>suseROCKs  to discuss artwork needs with artwork team and get that squared away</li>
    <li>suseROCKs to draft outline of oSC promotion planning for marketing team and post it by end of week (sooner preferably)</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> tony__ <ol>
    <li>suseROCKs to investigate idea of Hospitality Suite for OSCON thanks to tony__ 's suggestion</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> warlordfff <ol>
    <li>warlordfff .... just write!  :-D</li>
    <li>warlordfff and AJaeger interview about Zentrifuge</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs (195)</li>
  <li>warlordfff (119)</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet_ (96)</li>
  <li>AJaeger (61)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (41)</li>
  <li>tony__ (27)</li>
  <li>javier (5)</li>
  <li>bugbot (3)</li>
  <li>altin (3)</li>
  <li>sshaw (1)</li>
  <li>sebas (1)</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
