<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-marketing log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:05:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting 29-September-2011</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:05:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Thu Sep 29 15:05:25 2011 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:05:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:05:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Welcome folks to the delayed but still happening meeting of the openSUSE Marketing Team for the month of September  (What's left of it)
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:06:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The agenda today will be as follows:
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.12.1 Progress
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.a.Beta
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.b Tasks Status
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.b.i. Articles needed
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.c. How to keep momentum going  (more meetings?)
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:06:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. Hackweek (need writers)
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:06:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3. Yearbook Status
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:06:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 4. Ambassador Travel Sponsorship status
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:06:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 4.a. Events
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:06:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> • Brainshare (Utah)
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:06:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> • LibreOffice (France)
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> • (CGSOL) Guatemala
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:06:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> • SCaLE (Los Angeles)
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:06:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> • Others?
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:06:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If there are no objections, we shall now begin...
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:07:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> There are none, so let's begin!  :-)
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:07:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">12.1 Progress</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:08:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ok so first of all, we have a delayed Beta release, which should have gone out last week.
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:09:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Due to some technical issues, it is still not quite ready but hopefully it will be released next week.
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:09:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Speaking of Beta... warlordfff   Did you get ahold of Stella about the BetaPizza Parties article?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:09:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  Has anyone suggested whether the delay will affect timeline?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:09:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap I have them
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:10:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   There was one suggestion to delay the timeline on the mailing list, but I did not see whether there was any consensus to actually do so.
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  yeap I have it I will send that soon
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:10:41 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot_demo</span> <span class="ac">just send fresh info B1 should be on mirror Sunday ...</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:10:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   can you upload them so we can review it and get it ready for publication probably early next week?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:11:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> upload it on news?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:11:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,  yes,
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:11:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:11:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> thanks!
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:11:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Later today I will
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:11:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">warlordfff  will upload Stella's articles regarding openSUSE Beta 12.1 BetaPizza Parties</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:12:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tigerfoot_demo,   can you clarify for us what is the official release date for the Beta then?   Is it Sunday or next Thursday?
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:12:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap, we are hungy for pizza
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:12:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:13:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tigerfoot_demo, ?
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:13:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok well let's move on and tigerfoot_demo can fill us in exact details when he has a moment...
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:14:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The next subtopic under this topic is Task Status
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Looking at http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:12.1_Marketing_Hackfest#Results  I don't see very many status updates.
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:15:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Can you all please update where you are presently on these tasks you chose so we can figure out what we need to put more focus on?
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:15:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff ^^
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:16:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> well we  need to know more about the release before we go further
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:16:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:16:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok please make note of that on the results section
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:16:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:17:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   JDD just send some info regarding release notes on the ML a short while ago.  Check on it and see if it gives you the info you need
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:17:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we slowly work but as time for 12.1 is getting closer we work faster
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:17:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if its not enough info, let us know and we'll help get more info to you.
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:17:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I will ;-)
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:17:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thanks!
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:18:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">JDD posted some information about release notes status on Mailing list</span>
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:18:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">warlordfff to add status of release notes progress on Hackfest wiki page</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:18:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ok so the next sub-topic is needing writers....
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> still did not get an mail from you though
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:18:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   about?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:19:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> sorry mistake
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:19:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> plese continue
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:19:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:19:28 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">gets self-conscious now  :-)</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:19:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we have created an editorial schedule on ietherpad.com/sked
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:20:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Some people have stepped forward to write up some good articles, and I have a feeling we can get a lot more writers on the subjects listed there.
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:20:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If there's something you'd like to do...  look at it and add your name to it!
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:20:39 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">looks at tony__  to volunteer to write an article or two  :-D</span>
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:20:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> What kind of writing? Blogs? Technical docs? something else
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:20:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> stuff fro 12.1
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:21:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> stuff for 12.1
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:21:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> any kind
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:21:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   The editorial schedule is for the news.opensuse.org site.  It is a regular campaign to drum up attention towards the release of 12.1.   Please view the sked and let me know if you have any questions
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:21:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> OK
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:21:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> However, there are *other* stories that will occur that are not 12.1-related and we should be adding that to the /sked as well
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> like?
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:22:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,  like Hackweek is this week and we need to publish a results of Hackweek next week
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:22:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok thanks
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:22:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> got it
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:22:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> In fact, related to that,  I'm looking for someone to volunteer to write about that  :-D
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:22:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:23:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> maybe Ilmehtar?
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:23:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Unfortunately, I am having other personal commitments on Monday and Tues next week so I won't be able to deliver an article in timely manner.
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:23:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes  Ilmehtar would be great!
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:23:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap we are in the midle of a translation hackfest now
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:23:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> dudes, I was trying to be invisible... what do you want me to write about?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:24:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Ilmehtar is also ther I think
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:24:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if Ilmehtar is in translations, we're all in deeeeeeep trouble!  :-)
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:24:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ilmehtar,  we need someone to volunteer to write an article for news.o.o about this week's hackweek and we all agree you are the most awesome guy to do the job
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:24:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span>  it is imposible to be invisible dude ;-)
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:25:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> I'm not at Hackweek, I haven't really been following what suse are doing at Hackweek, but I guess I could throw something together if I can find out what's been going on
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:25:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   especially not with his new green wig!
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:25:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ilmehtar,   sure you can.    Writers don't know anything  :-D
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:25:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap, that is true
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:26:05 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">thinks there's an opportunity to pump gmzysk to do some writing as well....</span>
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:26:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> okay, I'll do it unless you find someone better ;-) when do you need it by?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:26:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> Sure, would love to, but this week is swamped ;-)
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:26:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> Unfortuneately ;-(
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:26:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gmzysk,   no problem.  The scheudle lists article opportunities through November.  :-D
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:27:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> Ahh, That is better ;-)
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:27:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Just add your name to an article topic, sign the contract selling your soul to the devil, and the rest is all golden
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:27:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> Alright ;-)
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:27:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok let's move on to the final sub-topic of the 12.1 Progress topic....
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:28:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Keeping the momentum of discussions going
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:28:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> One thing I want to make clear... In the last release, we did an awesome job raising the noise level on 11.4 release...
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:28:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> However, we also kind of crammed ourselves towards the end with a little scrambling around.
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:28:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> For benefit of any new writers, I don't see an obvious "topics" listing on news.opensuse.org
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:29:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   are you looking at the schedule page?   http://ietherpad.com/sked
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:29:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Looking at that now, thx
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:29:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:30:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So...  I'd like to make sure we come up with a wy we can all stay on top of things and be able to jump in and help each other out
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:30:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> BTW - I'm part of the openFATE project writing an openSUSE equivalent of wubi
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:30:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We can have more frequent meetings.   (setting a ixed schedule each week to review our progress),  we can push for more general participation via the Mailing List...
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:31:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   Awesome.  Keep us updated how that comes along.  And for the record again, what is wubi?
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:31:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Ilmehtar to write a report on news.o.o about results of SUSE Hackweek</span>
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:32:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">gmzysk and tony__ to review our news editorial schedule and cherry-pick an article or two they'd like to write</span>
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:32:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> wubi is the wildly popular Ubuntu project that does multi-booting OS without needing to partitionand isolate the OS
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:32:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> Got it ;-)
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:33:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> Well, not specifics but the etherpad schedule
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:33:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> hi. 12.1-Beta is now planned to go out on saturday (2011-10-01)
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:33:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   ahh.  sounds like a potentially great subject for an article when it is ready!
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:33:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> and BetaPizzaParty will be 2011-10-13
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:33:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok, pizza time
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:34:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bmwiedemann,   whoa.  Definitely that soon!    And we're confident this time it is readily usable?
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:34:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> needs new news coverage after the betadelay message
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:34:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   ok that means we need to publish the betapizza article today.   As soon as you upload it, let me know and I'll quickly review it.
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:34:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> wubi was originally announced to launch same as 12.1 but after I got involved the schedule has changed. Can still write a prelim article
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:34:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Beta already looks good. there were still some extra fixes going in today.
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:34:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bmwiedemann,   definitely.   It's Scramble-Time!  :-D
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">15:34:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  ok
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">15:35:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bmwiedemann,   and are "known bugs" listed on the known bugs page yet?
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">15:35:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info  </span><span class="cmdline">12.1 First Beta scheduled to be published  Saturday 1-October-2011</span>
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">15:35:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot_demo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> you will fill them when you try :D
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">15:36:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> not yet. I would wait with the article until beta really appears on software.opensuse.org
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">15:36:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tigerfoot_demo,   haha  but seriously, we have to list caveats when we do the article, which means we have a chicken-and-egg situation  :-P
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">15:36:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bmwiedemann,   yes.  I don't publish until they appear on at least 5 mirrors.   (Great tip I got from Coolo)
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">15:37:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> anyway I will make the draft ttoday and publish it whenever you wish
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">15:37:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   awesome!  Thanks!
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">15:37:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and tigerfoot_demo bmwiedemann  I will re-ping you both tomorrow for any updates on the Beta status just so we stay on top of things...
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">15:38:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Alrighty we're a little falling behind here on the agenda.. so let's push forwrd.
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">15:38:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> openQA showed some problems on rebooting (but not always) - most other stuff worked so far
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">15:38:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">15:38:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I suggest in order to stay on top of things, we do both of the following:
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">15:39:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.  Increase our discussions on mailing list to attract more people to participate in preparing for 12.1 promotion
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">15:39:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2.  Have a regularly fixed time each week when we can gather.  It is not a formal required meeting, just a time when we know most people are likely to come around and ask questions
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">15:39:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Like each Tues at 15:00 UTC good for everyone?
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">15:40:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   Your thoughts?
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">15:40:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I like the idea but I will not be present at all of those due to my work
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">15:40:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,    well its not formal meetings per se.  Its more like "coffee gatherings"
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">15:40:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap, reat idea
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">15:40:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> a "check-in" tiime really, I guess
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">15:41:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> IMO should be different day than regular IRC so no collision with regular monthly meeting
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">15:41:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> motivate people to write more articles
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">15:41:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   Propose a time/day then.
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">15:41:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Any other day for me.
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">15:41:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and you too warlordfff   What works better for you when you're not out starting fires?
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">15:41:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oops  I mean stopping fires
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">15:41:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> haha
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">15:42:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> mondays are cool
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">15:42:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Mondays often are after a weekend, Fridays are getting ready for a weekend. Maybe Wed?
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">15:42:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but as I said I don't actually have a program at my work
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">15:42:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> whatever it suits me
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">15:42:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   no program?  Just start fires randomly?
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">15:43:04 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">ducks</span>
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">15:43:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> no program
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">15:43:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok   now.. here's another gotcha.  I'd like to have these "gatherings" a little earlier to be able to catch SUSE folks before they go home for the day...
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">15:43:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">fanfan:</span>  I want to talk to you after th meeting
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">15:43:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> however, that makes it harder for tony__  where right now it is 8:45 his time
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">15:44:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ...
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">15:44:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fanfan&gt;</span> hi all ;-) ok warlordff
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">15:44:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I can deal with an hour earlier
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">15:44:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> whatever fits most of the people
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">15:44:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok let's do that then....
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">15:44:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but please send reminder e-mails
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">15:45:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Still I recommend keeping time of day as consistent as possible to make personal schedules as uncomplicated/diff as possible
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">15:45:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> too many things to do and forget a lot as we get older ;-)
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">15:45:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">From now on, until at least release of final 12.1 We will have regular "check-in" gatherings in IRC at 14:00 UTC on Wednesdays each week.  Additionally, we will increase our discussions of statuses and progress on mailing lists to attract more contributors</span>
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">15:45:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3action  suseROCKs to remind and tell people about weekly checkin meetings and increased mailing list discussions
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">15:46:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok we can close off the first topic now.  We have about 15 minutes left in the meeting so let's move on!
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">15:46:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We can skip topic #2 - Hackweek since we already covered that
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">15:46:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Yearbook</span>
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">15:47:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> NBPrasanth isn't here yet, but I can give a brief update of what he and I talked about this morning, just to put in the record.
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">15:47:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> hey all :)
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">15:47:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oooh  differentreality   I didn't see you here!   Great.  Can you join in on this specific topic?
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">15:47:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fanfan&gt;</span> hi diff ;-)) and diamand
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">15:47:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">15:48:10 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">hands a flower to differentreality to thank her for gracing us with her presence....</span>
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">15:48:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> suseROCKs, just came actually :)
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">15:48:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">15:48:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yearbook as in the magazine we have been discussing?
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">15:48:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> differentreality,  we were just starting new topic in the meeting, which is status update of Yearbook.  Your timing is amazing!
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">15:48:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">15:48:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> well give some credit to Kostas too :P
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">15:49:18 </span><span class="nka">* warlordfff</span> <span class="ac">bluses</span>
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">15:49:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> Hello ;-)
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">15:49:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> all right, I guess most of you - if not all - have seen the mails in mailing lists (that is marketing, project and ambassadors mailing lists)
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">15:50:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> we have people showing interest which is very good
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">15:50:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> we have asked if they would like to start working on something
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">15:50:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmzysk:</span>  for me not even a hello :-(
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">15:50:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fanfan&gt;</span> same warloff lol
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">15:50:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> I am trying to be a gentleman. Help me out ;-)
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">15:50:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> even though we don't have anything concrete just yet, I believe we are on a good track on that.  Next week we plan to puttingout a list of topics and remind people to assign themselves inw hatever they would like to write
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">15:50:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> hahaha
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">15:51:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> at the same time Prashanth has a couple of people willing to work on graphics - but this will only start after October the 7th
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">15:51:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> differentreality,   that sounds fantastic.   Keep up the good work!
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">15:51:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> jdd has been involved as well, we have opened some etherpads and you should expect more action in the mailing lists next week :)
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">15:52:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> Do you guys have a date that you are shooting for for the yearbook release?
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">15:52:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> NB asked me earlier today if he should send out a request for more experienced people to lead this effort. And I told him it should stick with the both of you to lead it.  You both have awesome vision and motivation and drive, and there's no one better than Stella and NB to do this!
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">15:53:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> noooop, I'm afraid that's negative. I also think it is a little soon - at least for me it was a little crazy with work till now, but hopefully next week we will do some serious organization of everything and as soon as we have some specific assignments for article writing I plan to do some timeline
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">15:53:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> differentreality,   I'm really leery about the new jdd.ietherpad.com setup.  It will prove to be a barrier more than a helpful thing.   This is speaking from experience of the past where "privatized" pad instances lead to fewer contributions.  It doesn't work well.
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">15:54:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> well honestly I totally dislike etherpad (I adore google docs though, Kostas can confirm that :P) but if it fits for everybody else, it is fine with me too.
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">15:54:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> Ok. No pressure ;-)
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">15:54:24 </span><span class="nka">* warlordfff</span> <span class="ac">Hates google docs</span>
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">15:54:29 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">likes google docs too less downtime</span>
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">15:54:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> The point is to have something that actually works and makes everybody happy, as long as this happens, why not keep it, if it proves dysfunctional there are alternatives and we can use sth different
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">15:54:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> Agreed, the etherpad is just too unstable
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">15:54:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> what do u think ?
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">15:55:08 </span><span class="nka">* warlordfff</span> <span class="ac">things that google should start charging differentreality for every google docs she creates</span>
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">15:55:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> differentreality,   sure.  But don't lock it into a privatized pad.  keep it on an open pad where people can just step up and contribute instantly without waiting for approval to get access to the private pad
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">15:55:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> suseROCKs, +1
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">15:55:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if people have to wait for any amount of time, they become easily disinterested
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">15:55:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes, I agree to that
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">15:55:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> I find myself having to use a document anyway to save info from the etherpad, so it is not lost when it goes down
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">15:55:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> use regular ietherpad.com, not jdd.ietherpad.com  until we have our formal one set up in openSUSE one of these days.
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">15:55:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> generally the goal for next week is extra motivation/information + specific assignements
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">15:56:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> We have one
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">15:56:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> opensuse.ietherpad.com
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">15:56:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Just make sure copies are archived regularly in case of crash or bad contrib/vandalism
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">15:56:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   no  that sitll requires admin to alow an individual to have access.  I'm talking about we want one of these days to set up pad.opensuse.org
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">15:56:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Hm.. yes
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">15:56:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   that's another reason we want our own opensuse-installed instance of a pad
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">15:57:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> backup tapes rock!  :-D
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">15:57:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I believe they are working on that, but it is still too unstable
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">15:57:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gmzysk,   yup
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">15:58:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> in the meantime,  differently your status update here plus what nb told me this morning, I have a great deal of confidence in you both.   You ROCK!
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">15:58:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> if any other alternative comes up till the weekend for example we can try it, otherwise I will be in touch with Prashanth working on such details, like public etherpad accessible from people that want to help
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">15:58:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Please do not hesitate to contact me or anyone else on the team for any advice or opinions or just to enslave us as your workers  :-)
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">15:58:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">15:58:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> tnx
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">15:58:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> Agreed! I have heard great progress on the yearbook. Good job guys!!!!
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">15:59:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> I will do whatever I can.. just tell me..
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">15:59:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> sure :) there are definitely many ideas (good ones too actually)
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">15:59:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Alrighty we're up to the full hour of the meeting now with one final topic, which is related to Ambassadors.  Are we up for continuing the meeting?
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">16:00:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> well
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">16:00:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we need jos for that I believe
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">16:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Hmm..
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">16:00:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Why?     You're team leaders.  You should be able to talk about stuff
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">16:00:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Well I asked a lot of people to send their ideas
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">16:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I was too busy with the local community those days
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">16:01:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok..
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">16:01:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> sorry trying to keep balances
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">16:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> That's fine.  we're all volunteers here and not robots that can tend to everything 24/7
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">16:02:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but I am working on te other stuff we talked about
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">16:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. One second
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">16:02:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> mendoring and ambassadors
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">16:02:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> s/mendoring/mentoring
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">16:02:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So can I get an update on where you guys are at organizing the Travel Fund?
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">16:03:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> No updates on it  as of now
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">16:03:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> untill the next meeting
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">16:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yap
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">16:03:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I hope
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">16:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Guys... listen to me...
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">16:03:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> This is kind of important...
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">16:03:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> that is why it nees our full atention
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">16:04:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> that is why it needs our full atention
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">16:04:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> One of ther reasons this fund was created was to give Attachmate/SUSE an opportunity to observe how we handle funds for a future Foundation.
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">16:04:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I have a few questions here
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">16:04:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we have not moved forward at all since it was announced 3 months ago.   We need to start putting action into this program get it utilized
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">16:04:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sure manugupt1
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">16:04:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> 3 months ago?
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">16:05:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sorry 2 months, you're right
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">16:05:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> You can tell I'm not an accountant.  My math is lousy  :-D
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">16:05:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 1. The travel fund is it only for local travels or international travels or can be used for both
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">16:05:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">16:05:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> That is why we need jos here for that
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">16:06:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   again, that's something to be determined by the team.    You need to figure out how best to maximize openSUSE awareness on each quarter
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">16:06:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 2. Every thing we decide is it just from the ambassador list /  the project
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">16:06:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> For example, if there are very few local events in one quarter, but one major event in somewhere else, obviously we would shift funds to international travel.
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">16:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Its about maximum value for our marketing efforts
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">16:06:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> and it is 80%
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">16:07:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no warlordfff   you don't need jos for that.  You need to start coming up with plans that show good thought processes about how to get as many ambassadors out there each quarter.
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">16:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> not the whole ammount
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">16:07:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Hmm
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">16:07:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">16:07:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  do you know if that money are available now?
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">16:07:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   yes that is correct.  However, it is not a "hard rule".   There can be reasonable items why we need to give more to a person.
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">16:08:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,  yes it is.
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">16:08:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> its been available all along
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">16:08:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> sure?
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">16:09:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> manugupt1Sounds like a full blown description of what Travel Fund is, purpose and required procedures is required for publishing
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">16:09:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> absolutely.  If you submit your aggregate proposal one month before the quarter begins, yes.   And that means submitting a proposal for the November start of quarter very soon.
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">16:09:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> anyway I had a talk with jos abou it and I have a few question for him before going further so that we make serious work on that
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">16:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,    no.  we have given the ambassador leadership team the amount of $5K per quarter to send out Ambassadors  and it is up to the Ambassador team to determine how to formalize that program.  We're waiting for that.
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">16:10:12 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">sees a news announcement first</span>
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">16:10:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   announce what?   You guys still havent' come up with a procedure yet.
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">16:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Still recommend open declaration to avoid later problems of hidden, embezzlement, improper use, etc.
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">16:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I need to see the general response to it
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">16:10:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> you basically gave us the procedur
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">16:10:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> e
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">16:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> In other words, make rules public
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">16:10:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   That open declaration happened 2 months ago with the announcement mail
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">16:11:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> also me and manugupt1 started something on ambassadors list but only fw responded
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">16:11:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> the rest of us are waiting with baited breath to see what will come it after that announcement 2 months ago
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">16:11:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Declaration needs to be permanently published, not on by email. And, rules, procedures for processes
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">16:11:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> Sorry for that I know
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">16:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> guys too many things to do
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">16:12:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   there's only a few "rules" on our part...   1.  80%  2. Submit a full request 1 month before quarter starts  and 3.  Spend $5K a month.      You need to come up with the actual rules including how ambassadors can apply, who qualifies, and waht you require from them in exchange for the funds.
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">16:12:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> and not enough time those days
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">16:13:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   I think you're not listening.     Let me reiterate...   Jos and I made an announcement.  We basically said  "Hey guys, here's $5K... now come up with a plan for how you will process and implement it."
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">16:13:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  before we do that we need other things first
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">16:13:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   ok what do you need?
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">16:13:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> life to end with the ambassador definition
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">16:13:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> like to end with the ambassador definition
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">16:13:57 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">things getting complicated</span>
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">16:14:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">16:14:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> they are
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">16:14:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> No
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">16:14:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> They are as complicated as you make them
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">16:14:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so we need to have a piece of mind in order to do that correct
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">16:14:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> Wel l I believe there is truth here, you need to define the ambassadors first before you can decide what the money is to spend on them
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">16:14:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok that's a fair enough point, that you need to determine eligibility.
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">16:14:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I'm an organizational-type person. Believe things don't get done unless it's assigned to someone
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">16:15:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">16:15:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   It was assigned to the leadership team,  warlordfff  and manugupt1
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">16:15:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span>  +1
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">16:15:25 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">we are doing nothing</span>
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">16:15:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> :/
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">16:15:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> el from my part I need time to do it
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">16:15:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> warlordfff manugupt1 OK
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">16:15:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span>  why do you think that?
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">16:16:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> Atleast nothing has been done regarding the on-topic discussion
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">16:16:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We are just speaking and moving around in loops
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">16:16:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> you have any proposals?
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">16:16:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> you guys need to start making decisions
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">16:16:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bikeshedding has to end here
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">16:16:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Yes I have
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">16:16:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> tell them then
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">16:16:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> How about you both focus locally first?
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">16:17:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmzysk:</span> Locally we are doing well
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">16:17:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> My blog proved that we had atleast every month an event
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">16:17:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> And lots of them included talks
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">16:17:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> Sure, but I mean the process for Ambassadors to be finalized
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">16:17:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> under my opinion this is not bikeshedding
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">16:18:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmzysk:</span> I agree but people need to respond :/
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">16:18:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I don't have enough time those days
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">16:18:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Now How I see the topics as
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">16:18:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I told you guys that 2-3 times
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">16:18:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 1. Ambassador definition
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">16:18:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> I agree no worries
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">16:18:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 2. Travel support
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">16:18:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> both are differnet things imo
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">16:19:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am doing research on both
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">16:19:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Travel support should be extended towards the whole project
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">16:19:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but I need time
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">16:19:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> let me say :)
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">16:19:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> travel support is for ambassadors or not?
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">16:19:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> It is for ambassadors / but why not other people too
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">16:20:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Like Ilmehtar he was not a part of it but there was no point in not giving him support earlier
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">16:20:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> why not for all free software people?
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">16:20:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> anyway
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">16:20:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">16:20:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> Dont get irritated please
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">16:20:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">16:20:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> if you extend travel support to the whole project, then how do you ensure it goes to appropriate, active people who are going to provide value for money in terms of activity, enthusiasm, and 'proper marketing' (ie. participation of events, writing post event reports)
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">16:21:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> you dont want the travel fund to be manipulated into being an excuse to give some suser's free holidays
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">16:21:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">16:21:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> Yes.. off course... the money is reimbursed later after the reports and pics come up
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">16:21:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> and I think I should be used as an example as WHY this should be tied to the ambassador program - I dont deserve support unless I am willing to take the responsibility of being an ambassador
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">16:21:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> It is not given at first
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">16:21:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> that is a condition
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">16:21:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> Recommend that a single person be designated to "lead" participation in any project, that person interacts with Funds. Keeps indiv req to minim, promotes organization
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">16:22:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">16:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> That way "ambassador or no ambassador" issue is avoided
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">16:22:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> mmm
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">16:22:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  guys...  let's move the nuts and bolts of this ambassador travel fund topic separately outside of the meeting
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">16:22:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> something to think
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">16:22:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> I agree but since our ambassador definition is pretty vague and we need to use to money too
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">16:22:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> then how do we do that
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">16:22:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the meeting really should focus on statuses of htings.   details should be handled outside of the meeting.
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">16:22:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">16:23:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,  manugupt1  if you want, we can set up an appointment soon to knock this down and move it foward soon.
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">16:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Now would be good.. if warlordfff is free
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">16:23:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> lets do it on sunday
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">16:23:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> NOOOO
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">16:23:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> now is not good because we're actually in a meeting!  :-)
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">16:23:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am having a translation hackfest now
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">16:23:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Now as in after the meeting
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">16:23:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am having a translation hackfest now
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">16:24:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">16:24:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so last sub-topic of the meeting and then we can move on.
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">16:24:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff, manugupt1  we'll figure out a time soon.
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">16:24:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> lets do it on ML
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">16:24:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so Evvents are coming up.  Ilmehtar and anditosan and I will be at Brainshare in 2 weeks...
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">16:24:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> There's also LibreOffice and
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">16:25:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we have cfp's now for SCaLE and CGSOL (in Guatemala)
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">16:25:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> woot woot! sup ya'll!
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">16:25:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Yep, I will be at brainshare :D
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">16:25:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I've been invited to CGSOL but unfortunately that is Thanksgiving weekend in November in the US and I doubt I will go.
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">16:26:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Are we doing any pushes to get people to these events and any other events in October?
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">16:26:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Note that October is an important month for us to promote the upcoming 12.1 at events.   With Beta releasing this weekend, we'll have a pretty solid piece to demonstrate
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">16:27:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I know manugupt1 was starting to ping people a few weeks ago about the SCaLE cfp
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">16:27:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I think we all just petered out with the meeting.   We can continue this on the ML  :-)
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">16:28:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> Chuck is doing good work on SCALE
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">16:28:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm not sure Chuck can actually go
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">16:28:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> I have a significant talk planned for SCALE that's not openSuSE specific, can/should I still represent openSUSE
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">16:29:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,  yes, please.    We invested heavily in SCaLE last year for the purpose of shoring up local people to do it so we don't have to spend so much money next time
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">16:29:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Between you, Roger and Drew, I think we can tackle SCaLE very well.
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">16:29:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> at minimal expense.  Perhaps just fund hotel room (if you request it through the ambassador funding program :-) )
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">16:29:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I talk ith Drew about Scale
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">16:29:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> OK, just keep me in the loop for SCALE. Will present as part of openSUSE
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">16:30:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'll also discuss it when I see Roger at Brainshare
<a name="l-413"></a><span class="tm">16:31:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I think we can wrap up now.  Many thanks to all for participating!
<a name="l-414"></a><span class="tm">16:32:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and thanks to the newer participants for stepping up so awesomely on new tasks!
<a name="l-415"></a><span class="tm">16:32:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> Cool! I'll work on my actions today
<a name="l-416"></a><span class="tm">16:32:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Have a good day all!
<a name="l-417"></a><span class="tm">16:32:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> Thanks for the meeting, guys and gals ;-)
<a name="l-418"></a><span class="tm">16:32:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
