14:01:06 <AJaeger> #startmeeting openSUSE 12.1 launch checkin
14:01:06 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed Nov  9 14:01:06 2011 UTC.  The chair is AJaeger. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
14:01:06 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
14:01:15 <AJaeger> #chair suseROCKs jospoortvliet
14:01:15 <bugbot> Current chairs: AJaeger jospoortvliet suseROCKs
14:01:42 <AJaeger> WElcome everybody to the final check-in meeting for the openSUSE 12.1 launch!
14:02:01 <AJaeger> Is everybody awake? LEt's ping the usual suspects
14:02:03 <warlordfff> final?
14:02:20 * izabelvalverde awake
14:02:32 <AJaeger> ping jospoortvliet, suseROCKs, warlordfff, yaloki manugupt1 izabelvalverde kkemenczy Ilmehtar differentreality AlanClark bear454 ...
14:02:38 <AJaeger> WElcome warlordfff and izabelvalverde!
14:02:45 <izabelvalverde> :)
14:02:47 * AlanClark is waking
14:02:48 <warlordfff> ;-)
14:02:57 <AJaeger> warlordfff: Next Wednesday is the release - so this is the last meeting before it.
14:03:07 <warlordfff> ok
14:03:45 <jospoortvliet> heya all
14:04:04 <yaloki> o/
14:04:45 <AJaeger> We go again through the wiki list: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Launch_Checklist
14:04:58 <AJaeger> #topic Marketing Activities
14:05:06 <AJaeger> jospoortvliet: Can you lead this one, please?
14:05:14 <jospoortvliet> AJaeger: yeah
14:05:17 <jospoortvliet> sec
14:05:24 <warlordfff> 5 is done BTW
14:05:31 <jospoortvliet> so
14:05:47 <suseROCKs> hey guys.. I'm here.  Sorry I overslept.   drugs knocked me out pretty good yesterday
14:05:49 <jospoortvliet> let's start with the numbers
14:05:56 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: aw any good stuff?
14:06:03 <izabelvalverde> :D
14:06:06 <jospoortvliet> the announcements are out (1 and 2)
14:06:13 <jospoortvliet> 3 is pretty ok right now
14:06:19 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,  I have final approval!   knives are alowed to cut my eyes!  Whoo hoo!  :-D
14:06:19 <jospoortvliet> 4 is ongoing...
14:06:23 <yaloki> warlordfff: please forward 12 to me, I'm not on the translation ML but I can do french+german
14:06:28 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs:  good!
14:06:48 <jospoortvliet> aj is on the production of the DVD's, we've got money and a decision on where and how many
14:06:53 <jospoortvliet> we will create 40.000 DVD's
14:06:58 <jospoortvliet> that is 10.000 more than last year!
14:07:00 <warlordfff> yaloki:  ok although i think i have both languages covered
14:07:02 * jospoortvliet waits for applause
14:07:11 <warlordfff> klap klap
14:07:12 <yaloki> warlordfff: oh ok, please check and if not, I can do it
14:07:18 * suseROCKs sits on his hands  :-D
14:07:22 <yaloki> jospoortvliet: count 20k just for fosdem :D
14:07:22 <warlordfff> yaloki: ok thanks man
14:07:26 <jospoortvliet> no applause, too bad. OK... moving on
14:07:31 <yaloki> jospoortvliet: cool beans :)
14:07:32 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: actually last year only 800
14:07:41 <jospoortvliet> we will create 10K dvd's for Asia
14:07:43 <yaloki> jospoortvliet: yeah was somewhere around 1k iirc
14:07:43 <AJaeger> yaloki: We're selling them at FOSDEM for 20 EU each ;)
14:07:47 <suseROCKs> quick question...  Are we doing DVDs for the other desktop orgs?
14:07:47 <jospoortvliet> (almost twice what we did last year)
14:07:53 <yaloki> AJaeger: that's more expensive than beer, won't work :)
14:07:55 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: no not this year
14:08:03 <suseROCKs> ok
14:08:05 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Not again - was too much hassle last time.
14:08:11 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: wasn't exactly a HUGE success. KDE wasn't interested, GNOME didn't manage to hand them out very well
14:08:19 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Only makes sense if the desktops can use it for promotion, timing is not good right now.
14:08:36 <suseROCKs> agreed
14:08:43 <jospoortvliet> so again. we have 10K dvd's for Asia, 15K in Europe, 15 in the Americas (north and south)
14:08:47 <izabelvalverde> GNOME dvd's was good after ours finished :D
14:09:01 <jospoortvliet> that is considerably more than we had last time in each area except for europe
14:09:07 <warlordfff> this time I will need around 2500 for Greece
14:09:22 <izabelvalverde> jospoortvliet 10K Brazil!!!!
14:09:27 <izabelvalverde> :D
14:09:37 <jospoortvliet> warlordfff: you won't get that many I think, it is really a bit too much. they are a bit too expensive. izabelvalverde will get 5-7 K for all of South America...
14:09:38 <warlordfff> beause we had 500 of Gnome and we gave thm too
14:09:40 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,  1 suseROCKs's house!
14:09:55 <AJaeger> jospoortvliet: Let's send them all the stuff and I'm very quickly out of media in Germany - far less hassle to send it out ;)
14:09:58 <izabelvalverde> jospoortvliet is enough ;)
14:10:22 <jospoortvliet> we have to be a bit more efficient with giving away ppl, they are not to be used to keep your cups from touching the table - they DO cost money :D
14:10:29 <jospoortvliet> quite a bit, if you count in the transportation.
14:10:31 <jospoortvliet> anyway
14:10:39 <jospoortvliet> the second part of the DVD creation is the OTHER GOODIES.
14:10:47 <jospoortvliet> we will create flyers, posters and more things
14:10:55 <jospoortvliet> each area will have to take care of that themselves, I'm talking to people
14:11:01 <jospoortvliet> Europe still has stuff
14:11:07 <jospoortvliet> The USA will create mostly posters and flyers
14:11:16 <warlordfff> jospoortvliet:  I am lat for the posters, can i sendthem to you tommorow?
14:11:22 <jospoortvliet> Asia and Brazil will create posters, flyers AND some goodies, probably geeko's
14:11:29 <jospoortvliet> warlordfff: yes, please
14:11:40 <jospoortvliet> warlordfff: but even better if you check them into github yourself!
14:11:42 <jospoortvliet> :D
14:11:56 <jospoortvliet> by the end of this week we will have a new version of our flyer
14:12:00 <warlordfff> i will try jospoortvliet
14:12:07 * warlordfff newbie on Github
14:12:11 <jospoortvliet> which will have been made by some pro's paid by SUSE (thank you SUSE)
14:12:30 <yaloki> ah nice
14:12:31 <jospoortvliet> it can then be translated so we can have spanish, portugese and english in the Americas
14:12:39 <jospoortvliet> and a few languages in europe and asia too
14:12:42 <warlordfff> Greek too
14:12:45 <AlanClark> que bueno
14:12:46 <jospoortvliet> we still need to figure out what we can do and what it costs
14:12:48 <warlordfff> ;-)
14:12:55 <yaloki> jospoortvliet: and what rights we have
14:13:06 <warlordfff> rights?
14:13:11 <yaloki> jospoortvliet: like, translating into other languages and printing them locally (e.g. in greek for warlordfff)
14:13:16 <jospoortvliet> if you create more flyers they are way cheaper each, and more languages means less flyers for each so less flyers in total. It's a difficult choice...
14:13:35 <yaloki> jospoortvliet: sure, but some might want to find funding for printing them locally
14:13:35 <izabelvalverde> less is better here
14:13:38 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: that can work but problem is that prices go up to 1 euro each while if you create say 10.000 they are more like 5 cents each
14:13:54 <yaloki> jospoortvliet: I know, I didn't mean that you or SUSE should produce them in 20 languages ;)
14:14:02 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: true
14:14:09 <yaloki> jospoortvliet: but have to make sure it's under e.g. a CC license for local customization
14:14:12 <AJaeger> yaloki: So, you ask whether the flyers are under a license that allows translation?
14:14:19 <AJaeger> yaloki: Agreed!
14:14:21 <yaloki> AJaeger: well, yes, and modification and reuse and..
14:14:32 <jospoortvliet> anyway, that's the situation with materials. we will try to get this ready around the release date so release parties which are planned 2 weeks or more after the release can get some of the new stuff!
14:14:42 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: of course it will all be CC licensed
14:14:45 <jospoortvliet> and go into git :D
14:14:52 <warlordfff> cool
14:14:59 <yaloki> perfect then, just making sure, it must be addressed with those pros in the contract :)
14:15:04 * izabelvalverde Jos in love for git
14:15:23 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: no but we don't have a better solution now and GitHub is pretty OK
14:15:26 <jospoortvliet> moving on
14:15:35 <jospoortvliet> point 5: release parties
14:15:36 <jospoortvliet> done
14:15:48 <jospoortvliet> warlordfff:  I hope we can count on you to keep drumming on that with the ambassadors :D
14:15:50 * AJaeger updates the wiki
14:15:53 <jospoortvliet> we need a 2nd article on this!
14:15:55 <jospoortvliet> AJaeger: thanks
14:16:16 <warlordfff> jospoortvliet:  yeap we have Ilmehtar here for that too
14:16:20 <warlordfff> so
14:16:29 <warlordfff> count on us
14:16:57 <izabelvalverde> I will follow warlordfff to know how to do it here
14:17:09 <jospoortvliet> warlordfff: prior to the release. see see http://ietherpad.com/sked
14:17:11 <jospoortvliet> anyway
14:17:16 <jospoortvliet> warlordfff: awesome
14:17:19 <jospoortvliet> ok moving on.
14:17:25 <warlordfff> so about the release parties we are planning 5
14:17:33 <AJaeger> warlordfff: 5 in Greece?
14:17:40 <warlordfff> yeap
14:17:40 <jospoortvliet> 6: the presentations
14:17:47 <warlordfff> different cities
14:17:48 <jospoortvliet> we're almost done!
14:18:00 <warlordfff> almost setled
14:18:03 <jospoortvliet> thanks to Ilmehtar and anditosan we have a template and updated presentations.
14:18:11 <jospoortvliet> the only one to be done is the final one about the openSUSE 12.1 release.
14:18:22 <jospoortvliet> I plan to do that this weekend, hopefully...
14:18:26 <jospoortvliet> otherwise monday or so.
14:18:30 <warlordfff> AJaeger: about the release parties lets talk in the end
14:18:47 <AJaeger> warlordfff: or via email depending on timing
14:18:54 <warlordfff> ok
14:19:12 <izabelvalverde> jospoortvliet what can I do to help?
14:19:15 <AlanClark> do we have a timetable for when the dvd's will be available in US, Brazil, ....?  We want to hold the Utah release party when we have the 12.1 dvds
14:19:18 <jospoortvliet> on 7, the sneak peek. Articles about what's coming in openSUSE: sorry. I have not been able to do anything as the product_highlights took way too much work. manugupt1 is working on a systemd article but otherwise, we have nothing. Any help is appreciated! you can use the product highlights.
14:19:35 <warlordfff> do we have 12.1 templates for presentations?
14:19:35 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: helping to write a sneak peek article would be awesome
14:19:38 <jospoortvliet> warlordfff: yes
14:19:43 <warlordfff> thnks
14:19:55 <izabelvalverde> jospoortvliet deadline?
14:20:18 <jospoortvliet> AlanClark: see the release party article: the plan for DVD's is to start sending them out in the release week, that means if your party is 2 weeks or after the release it will probably get them in time.
14:20:36 <suseROCKs> AlanClark,  I think that having a party in Provo would be critical for marketing/publicity purposes, and waiting  few more weeks until the DVDs arrive would take away that publicity opportunity
14:20:39 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: well we need several articles going up to the release. Preferaby one per day but that's impossible :D
14:20:49 <jospoortvliet> so dead line is say one this week, 1 next week for example...
14:20:57 <jospoortvliet> depends on how much time you have...
14:21:00 <warlordfff> AJaeger:  any idea when the dvd will be in Greece?
14:21:16 <izabelvalverde> not much - LinuxCon and brazilian meeting ;)
14:21:17 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: you can pic the "under the hood" part and turn that into an article, then do the Desktops one.
14:21:18 <AJaeger> warlordfff: Once we start production, I can tell you.
14:21:25 <warlordfff> ok, thanks
14:22:15 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: AlanClark: about the release party dates: people have been saying to me they like release parties a few weeks later so they have a chance to check out the new release...
14:22:18 <jospoortvliet> anyway, not important
14:22:20 <jospoortvliet> let's move on
14:22:28 <jospoortvliet> 8 the product highlights
14:22:31 <jospoortvliet> that's our biggest problem
14:22:36 <jospoortvliet> they are NOT complete and far from done
14:22:43 <jospoortvliet> and they MUST be done today
14:22:49 <jospoortvliet> as tomorrow I have to send them to the press
14:22:54 <izabelvalverde> I want to work on it
14:22:56 <jospoortvliet> as we promised them
14:23:06 <warlordfff> yeap translators are grumpy too about it
14:23:06 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: that's awesome, I hope you have time tonight :D
14:23:07 <izabelvalverde> just later today will be possible
14:23:11 <jospoortvliet> warlordfff: I know
14:23:14 <AlanClark> suseROCKS, jospoortvliet:  People want the dvds.  Last time we held the party before we had the dvds.  We want to try with the dvds this time.
14:23:16 <izabelvalverde> tonight sure ;)
14:23:23 <jospoortvliet> cool
14:23:34 <jospoortvliet> help is welcome on http://ietherpad.com/12-1-release-notes
14:23:47 <jospoortvliet> once that is done, I can do 9: the release announcement
14:23:59 <warlordfff> yeaaaaaaaah
14:24:07 <jospoortvliet> I will make a draft, ask for help here on IRC (tonight) and let some pro's from SUSE look at it
14:24:23 <simon123> jospoortvliet: we can split product highlights in a smaller articles similar to portal and work on parts
14:24:25 <jospoortvliet> remember Amie from the marketing meeting at oSC? she promised to help.
14:24:44 <jospoortvliet> simon123: what does that accomplish?
14:24:59 <warlordfff> jospoortvliet:  we still expect notes from Amie ;-)
14:25:12 <jospoortvliet> warlordfff: those are already referenced in http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Launch_Checklist
14:25:17 <izabelvalverde> jospoortvliet product highlights tonight sure but "under the hood" part not sure
14:25:18 <jospoortvliet> http://ietherpad.com/2jE5Z40A3A
14:25:22 <warlordfff> sh@t
14:25:25 <simon123> jospoortvliet: easy to read and later easy to combine at will
14:25:26 <warlordfff> ok sorry
14:25:28 <izabelvalverde> jospoortvliet I have to go now
14:25:29 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: that is part of the highlights
14:25:45 <jospoortvliet> simon123: the document is big but you can work in it with as many ppl as you want
14:25:46 <jospoortvliet> let
14:25:51 <izabelvalverde> please named what else i could work
14:25:54 <jospoortvliet> let's not create confusion now and just finish it
14:26:07 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: any section that is empty... the only ones finished are webbrowser and office :D
14:26:08 <izabelvalverde> ?
14:26:12 <jospoortvliet> the desktops is almost done
14:26:30 <jospoortvliet> but everything else, like server, developer tools, libraries, networking, security, it is all almost empty
14:26:35 <jospoortvliet> those need work
14:26:49 <izabelvalverde> ok
14:26:54 <izabelvalverde> so later today
14:26:59 <izabelvalverde> I need to go now
14:27:26 <jospoortvliet> ttyl izabelvalverde thanks
14:27:36 <warlordfff> BB izabelvalverde
14:27:41 <jospoortvliet> back to http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Launch_Checklist
14:27:52 <jospoortvliet> I will do 10 tomorrow
14:28:01 <jospoortvliet> once we have the product highlights/release notes and the announcement
14:28:18 <jospoortvliet> henne has started a press kit, content for that will basically be the product highlights and the announcement :D
14:29:08 <AJaeger> jospoortvliet: Tell them that we'll send them a separate email with link with the ISOs once they're final
14:29:14 <jospoortvliet> AJaeger: ok
14:29:15 <AlanClark> jospoortvliet:  where's henne placed that kit?
14:29:41 <AJaeger> AlanClark: see http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Press_kit
14:31:37 <AJaeger> jospoortvliet: are you still with us?
14:31:52 <suseROCKs> #info http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Press_kit
14:32:02 <AlanClark> AJaeger: that shows what should be in a press kit.  Is he going to gather the materials that the page suggests?
14:32:17 <AJaeger> AlanClark: ASk him ;)
14:32:47 <jospoortvliet> AJaeger: ok back
14:32:51 <jospoortvliet> fighting with henne who is wasting time
14:32:54 <jospoortvliet> instead of helping out
14:32:57 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   All I can see is CarlosRibeiro came on and jospoortvliet went silent.   There's apparently very limited bandwidth down there  :-)
14:32:58 <jospoortvliet> anyway
14:33:40 <jospoortvliet> number 12:
14:33:50 <jospoortvliet> the announcement has to be finished, then it can be translated
14:33:57 <jospoortvliet> I hope to have it finished tomorrow...
14:34:22 <suseROCKs> I volunteer to translate it into English
14:34:25 <warlordfff> and you will have them at the next days
14:34:26 <AJaeger> btw. if anybody wants to help jospoortvliet, just speak up!
14:34:42 <jospoortvliet> then there is 14
14:34:43 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: US, Scottish, Irish, or German English?
14:34:44 <jospoortvliet> screenshots
14:34:50 <jospoortvliet> there need to be a LARGE number of screenshots
14:34:54 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   suseROCKsian
14:35:00 <jospoortvliet> which I can use in the Product Highlights and which we can give to the press
14:35:02 <warlordfff> do you want Greek?
14:35:07 <warlordfff> screednshots?
14:35:10 <jospoortvliet> anyone up for making screenshots: please do so!
14:35:18 <jospoortvliet> put them http://en.opensuse.org/Screenshots_12.1
14:35:30 <AlanClark> suseROCKS: go for a real challenge and translate it into Kings english ;-)
14:35:39 <warlordfff> ok,in the next days I will
14:35:40 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   would it be not helpful to get screenshots from the GM itself (which supposedly will be this Friday)?
14:36:01 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: shouldn't be different from what the latest factory snapshot...
14:36:11 <suseROCKs> ok
14:36:42 <jospoortvliet> 15 has nobody on it right now
14:36:50 * suseROCKs can't really help with screenshots/screencasts since his screen resolution is sooo off compared to everyone else's it would scare people off
14:36:51 <jospoortvliet> the boosters said they might do it but I haven't seen anything
14:37:29 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,  did you get any pingbacks when you reached out to the project ML and others a while ago?
14:37:45 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: very little
14:37:47 <manugupt1> jospoortvliet: I think we have extended systemd, long enoug
14:37:51 <manugupt1> Sorry was off for dinner
14:38:01 <jospoortvliet> manugupt1: put it in news.o.o pls
14:38:06 <jospoortvliet> so we can publish it today :D
14:38:15 <jospoortvliet> item16: the suse press release
14:38:22 <jospoortvliet> will be no problem once we ahve the openSUSE one
14:38:32 <jospoortvliet> 17 and 18 - again, on track
14:38:46 <jospoortvliet> 19 and 20 same
14:38:48 <jospoortvliet> done !
14:38:54 <warlordfff> ok
14:39:00 <AlanClark> jospoortvliet: you have Amie helping with item 16?
14:39:05 <warlordfff> I haave an article about Monday
14:39:23 <warlordfff> about Local Communities
14:40:07 <manugupt1> I have a request here
14:40:22 <suseROCKs> brb
14:40:31 <jospoortvliet> AlanClark: she promised, I hope to send her a draft once it is done. Prio one is to get us a list of what's new in the openSUSE release so we can write a draft in the first place :D
14:40:35 <warlordfff> at 13 we have a 1 year anivercary for the 1 meeting of the Greek community and i will write an article related to howw importand are local communitties for the project, what do you thing?
14:40:42 <jospoortvliet> warlordfff: cool
14:41:52 <warlordfff> anything else we can do?
14:41:57 <manugupt1> Can anyone pick up my article on btrfs as there is a bug on my snapper and I cant work on it
14:43:40 <suseROCKs> back
14:44:09 <AJaeger> anybody to write about btrfs and snapper?
14:45:25 <AJaeger> nobody ;-( So, let'S move on.
14:45:29 * warlordfff think that this is too technical articles for himw so...
14:45:34 <AJaeger> Anything else on Marketing Activities?
14:45:38 <warlordfff> me
14:45:49 <manugupt1> AJaeger: So if the bug on snapper is solved I will do it after the release
14:45:50 <warlordfff> but local
14:46:00 <AJaeger> manugupt1: ok.
14:46:11 <suseROCKs> manugupt1,  is the bug yours lone or a general bug everyone is experiencing?
14:46:25 <manugupt1> General everyone is expecting and it is also filed
14:46:52 <suseROCKs> I mean, if everyone is experiencing a non-workable snapper, should it be published then?
14:47:08 <manugupt1> suseROCKs: Yes because it is a live cd problem not a dvd problem
14:47:15 <suseROCKs> ok
14:48:13 <warlordfff> BTW we really have a great Distro to be released guys
14:48:17 <manugupt1> but it should be noted in product highlights or somewhere definietely
14:48:21 <suseROCKs> ok I'd like to briefly talk about social media
14:48:57 <suseROCKs> manugupt1,   if you know enough about snapper, maybe you can just write a section on it in the PH
14:49:16 <manugupt1> I cannot write without testing it suseROCKs The info may just go wrong
14:49:25 <manugupt1> There is no documentation on it too
14:49:30 * warlordfff hides whenever listens to Social Media
14:49:35 <AJaeger> Let'S move on...
14:49:40 <suseROCKs> manugupt1,   so even just a brief explanation about what it is?
14:49:47 <AJaeger> #topic Social Media
14:49:54 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Will you lead through this one?
14:50:00 <suseROCKs> sure
14:50:06 <manugupt1> suseROCKs: I will try it then later this week..
14:50:08 <AJaeger> suseROCKs, manugupt1 Let's disucss the article afterwards, please.
14:50:35 <manugupt1> Ok..
14:50:47 <suseROCKs> ok first of all AJaeger and I began working on SocNet planning yesterday.   I was going to finish it up last night but unfortunately received more treatment than I expected at the dr's and couldn't do any work...
14:51:13 <suseROCKs> But will work on it immediately after this meeting.   We have a wiki page that I need to review plus I will be drafting an email to send out ProjectWide askinig people to help out
14:51:28 <suseROCKs> Key factors affecting success of social media:
14:51:47 <AJaeger> #info wiki page: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Social_media_launch_plan
14:51:52 <suseROCKs> 1.  We need lots of content from now through release day.  (So the more articles you do, the more we can push out there)
14:52:17 <warlordfff> already started that on G+
14:52:21 <suseROCKs> 2.  We need many warm bodies to spread/repeat statuses
14:52:40 <suseROCKs> That involves two things...  watching our news stuff and watching what people say and repeat them
14:53:02 <AJaeger> we need people working a specific social media/network - if you want to be the Social XYZ master, speak up for linkedIn, Twitter, Identi.ca. Digg
14:53:08 <suseROCKs> so we need people who can take responsibility to monitor each of the sites.   For example, I'll do Facebook, Twitter and Identi.ca
14:53:29 <warlordfff> I will do local on that
14:53:34 <warlordfff> and Stathis too
14:53:41 * manugupt1 will do on reddit
14:53:42 <suseROCKs> warlordfff,   define "local"  ?
14:53:48 <warlordfff> Greek
14:54:01 <warlordfff> but
14:54:11 <suseROCKs> ahh excellent point, we need to make sure the $language versions are monitored as well
14:54:37 <warlordfff> if you write something to the ambassadors ML about it I could help other locals beyond Greeks
14:55:02 <warlordfff> what do you think about it?
14:55:08 <suseROCKs> Another key factor is making it as easy as possible for our "army" to repeat things.    One critical area is whether we should be adding more buttons to our news site.   jospoortvliet  you were going to discuss with henne on that.  Any progress?
14:55:20 <suseROCKs> warlordfff,  sure
14:55:31 <warlordfff> I will wait then ;-)
14:55:53 <suseROCKs> warlordfff,   expect an email by end of day today to rally up the masses
14:56:01 <warlordfff> suseROCKs:  we need a G+ button
14:56:12 <warlordfff> on news
14:56:28 <suseROCKs> warlordfff,  we definitely need several buttons.  But apparently henne objects to that and Jos was going to talk to him to find out why
14:56:59 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: about the buttons
14:57:07 <jospoortvliet> the objections were: page load speed and clutter
14:57:15 <jospoortvliet> which makes sense imho
14:57:21 <jospoortvliet> we should think about what buttons we want and how
14:57:21 <yaloki> hm
14:57:32 <warlordfff> well near th FB and Twitter button, how heavy can that be?
14:57:34 <yaloki> or find a more compact layout
14:57:36 <jospoortvliet> moreover, the web interface is in git or something, I dunno where but we can change it ourselves
14:57:41 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: exactly
14:57:44 <yaloki> warlordfff: potentially tons of javascript
14:58:00 <warlordfff> ok
14:58:02 <yaloki> the page load time will also depend on the speed of all those buttons (images and javascript)
14:58:04 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: I was thinking about that. It'd be great to have a nice, compact wordpress plugin with a bunch of social media thingies.
14:58:06 <manugupt1> yaloki: Still G+ is important and its I guess like 5 lines of js
14:58:14 <suseROCKs> ok  what if we decided on the most important ones?
14:58:24 <AJaeger> manugupt1: Including loading javascript from Google, isn't it?
14:58:32 <jospoortvliet> manugupt1: sure. But where do we draw a line... we now have the most important social network and the most important microblogging platform.
14:58:33 <yaloki> manugupt1: prolly a lot more, and then there is fb, twitter, g+, reddit, …
14:58:49 <manugupt1> yaloki: reddit caters to 160 users
14:58:59 <jospoortvliet> manugupt1: at least 170
14:59:01 <jospoortvliet> anyway
14:59:02 <yaloki> manugupt1: prolly a lot more, and then there is fb, twitter, g+, …
14:59:02 <yaloki> :)
14:59:19 <suseROCKs> well we're out of time to discuss compact layouts
14:59:20 <yaloki> manugupt1: just saying, it needs a bit more thought I think :)
14:59:34 <jospoortvliet> anyway, we can decide ourselves. But we have to think about it...
14:59:47 <suseROCKs> what we need to figure out is how to make it as easy as possible (without the technical issues) to get as many people as possible to simply repeat (retweet) as much as possible
15:00:10 <suseROCKs> that's going to go into my instructions in the email.
15:00:35 <yaloki> one account to funnel which we all follow, and we all re"tweet" from there
15:00:36 <suseROCKs> Since having an array of buttons is not technically feasible, I will have to come up with some other creative way that keeps the bar low for everyone
15:00:39 * jospoortvliet thinks our website just needs the right wordpress plugin but he has no idea about wordpress or plugins or where to find them
15:00:40 <manugupt1> Well subscribe to google news
15:01:05 <manugupt1> jospoortvliet: Plenty of them are available but are not used anyway lets not go into that again
15:01:17 <suseROCKs> yaloki,   that part is not an issue as we'll have "masters" for each service.   The issue is getting everyone else to do the same for their particular accounts
15:01:40 <yaloki> yep
15:01:53 <suseROCKs> anyway this requires some thought and let's not bog the meeting down with that now
15:01:55 <manugupt1> Ok.. I have an idea regarding this
15:02:03 <jospoortvliet> manugupt1: oh we can change the site, as I said, it is in git. So if we have the right plugin we can install it and use it... at least Henne said he wouldn't opose it :D which means the biggest problem is solved, then...
15:02:07 <suseROCKs> except to quickly her manugupt1's idea  :-)
15:02:26 <manugupt1> Subscribe google news for the openSUSE keyword to the openSUSE MArketing ML
15:02:50 <suseROCKs> what does that mean, manugupt1?
15:03:17 <manugupt1> Well you can subscribe alerts at news.google.com for openSUSE and direct them to marketing ML
15:03:30 <warlordfff> why?
15:03:34 <manugupt1> jospoortvliet: Hmm..
15:03:39 <warlordfff> spaaaaaaaaaaaam
15:03:45 <warlordfff> a major one
15:03:47 <manugupt1> warlordfff: Usually I get a lot of press related news through it
15:03:49 <suseROCKs> manugupt1,   oh the google alerts?    You have to carefully choose your phrase or you'll get spammed.
15:04:04 <warlordfff> +1
15:04:05 * suseROCKs no longer subscribes to "opensuse" alone as a google alert
15:04:39 <manugupt1> Hmm.. openSUSE is not heavy traffic as ubuntu for sure
15:04:44 <CarlosRibeiro> manugupt1: like I was called 3 days ago, spammer
15:04:45 <suseROCKs> manugupt1,  but you do raise an excellent point that we have to monitor news sites
15:05:00 <manugupt1> CarlosRibeiro: :)
15:05:14 <warlordfff> I believe e all do that partly
15:05:37 <suseROCKs> by the way, I have some relatively good news  :-D
15:05:53 <manugupt1> CarlosRibeiro: is back :)
15:05:59 <warlordfff> anyway maybe(don't tell Henne about it) make anothr list for that
15:06:14 <warlordfff> suseROCKs:  spit it
15:06:29 <suseROCKs> Last night, my mother, who doesn't really follow openSUSE news, told me she read on some tech news site about the upcoming 12.1 release.    That means we are doing some good work that we are reaching beyond the standard choir.    Good job guys!
15:06:46 <warlordfff> well
15:06:48 <CarlosRibeiro> manugupt1: yes, the new re-buiild Carlos is back, with some bug fixed and other to be fix ;D but I'm here again, to help as much as possible
15:06:49 <warlordfff> WE DO
15:07:18 <warlordfff> CarlosRibeiro improved edittion :D
15:07:28 <AlanClark> 2.0
15:07:29 <CarlosRibeiro> warlordfff: +1
15:07:42 <CarlosRibeiro> AlanClark: thanks
15:07:44 <suseROCKs> ok so I'll work on the SocNet stuff today and email everyone when we have it all ready
15:07:45 <manugupt1> more bugs ;)
15:07:55 <suseROCKs> Again, volunteers to monitor each site is needed
15:07:59 <suseROCKs> and lots of articles is needed!
15:08:03 <warlordfff> is tigerfoot around?
15:08:03 * Ilmehtar is now around - stupid internet
15:08:12 <AJaeger> welcome Ilmehtar
15:08:27 <warlordfff> tigerfoot will make an article about Bug reports he said
15:08:33 * jospoortvliet wonders if Ilmehtar broke the internet again and if that explains why ietherpad didn't work for a while :D
15:08:36 <warlordfff> Ilmehtar ma man
15:08:42 <CarlosRibeiro> suseROCKs: I can wirite some, but I'm focusing to translate all articles that apperars at news.o.o
15:08:53 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Anything else on social media?
15:09:03 <warlordfff> CarlosRibeiro:  ask local community for heelp man
15:09:11 <CarlosRibeiro> to share all news over there with people that don't know english, only portugues
15:09:13 <suseROCKs> CarlosRibeiro,   translation of articles in and of itself is perfect.  Then those can be retweeted to those language audiences.     You're doing valuable work there
15:09:33 <suseROCKs> increasing the visibility for the Portuguese audeience (notice I did not type Portugese??)
15:10:13 <CarlosRibeiro> warlordfff: to early to ask something for my fellows here, I just back for less than week, so I need to pick each other again, but ok I will do that
15:10:17 <tigerfoot> warlordfff: I will use the Linus example :D
15:10:35 <tigerfoot> warlordfff: but don't count on it before the 21st November ... okay
15:10:35 <warlordfff> cool tigerfoot
15:10:41 <warlordfff> ok
15:10:52 <suseROCKs> btw, slightly off-topic but relevant as we want those 3D images for some of our SocNet sites... CarlosRibeiro  have you been able to work on a new 3D Geeko?
15:10:57 <CarlosRibeiro> suseROCKs: ;)
15:11:16 <CarlosRibeiro> suseROCKs: sure
15:11:22 * tigerfoot envy all of you having fun to prepare a release, when I'm fighting with customer's windows ... to earn money ...
15:11:30 <suseROCKs> CarlosRibeiro,   Do you have an ETA when it will be ready?
15:11:39 <manugupt1> tigerfoot: same here .. just that I have my exams
15:11:54 * suseROCKs wants to celebrate the fact that tigerfoot will donate 100% of that Windows money to openSUSE
15:12:23 <CarlosRibeiro> suseROCKs: I will not do brihant things, like start the new geeko from screcth, I will just adapt the old ones to feets 12.1, is easier, quickly and we we not much time to spend on this. right?
15:12:55 <suseROCKs> CarlosRibeiro,   You are the artist.  Whateve ryou feel is appropriate.  :-)
15:13:08 <tigerfoot> suseROCKs: if only there's a part of fun ...
15:13:39 <warlordfff> anything else?
15:13:40 <AJaeger> Anything else on Social media?
15:13:42 <suseROCKs> CarlosRibeiro,   If you can just change the clothes on that 11.4 Geeko and change text, I think that will be fine
15:13:54 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,  That's about it for now execpt for my updates later today
15:14:00 <AJaeger> Guys, give me two minutes for the next two topics and then continue discussion, ok?
15:14:10 <AJaeger> #topic Infrastructure and Distribution
15:14:17 <yaloki> #topic pee break
15:14:28 <AJaeger> We don't have a 12.2 in bugzilla yet but everything else is under control.
15:14:30 * suseROCKs slides yaloki a cup
15:14:31 <CarlosRibeiro> suseROCKs: ok, let this isssue in my geekos hand
15:14:32 <AJaeger> Any questions?
15:14:42 <AJaeger> ok,
15:14:50 <AJaeger> #topic yaloki break ;)
15:15:03 <warlordfff> I can help with the Greek distribution of DVD
15:15:13 <warlordfff> already have 'orders'
15:15:28 <AJaeger> warlordfff: good
15:15:33 <warlordfff> from Universities nd lugs
15:15:56 <warlordfff> also
15:15:59 <manugupt1> Just wanted to infor you that vikash is trying to hold an even in India and a few of us would speak too
15:16:10 <warlordfff> we  could organize instal fests
15:16:12 <AJaeger> manugupt1, vikash: Great!
15:16:16 <suseROCKs> warlordfff,  again as Jos was saying earlier, let's be careful with rationing.   Yes we want to get it in as many hands as possible and that's great what you have done.  But we don't want to end up like this last release where we had nothing to give away halfway through 11.4 release
15:16:47 <warlordfff> suseROCKs: I am man
15:17:01 <warlordfff> doing the best I can
15:17:25 <suseROCKs> awesome
15:17:35 <warlordfff> I give to people who ask for them
15:18:08 <warlordfff> ;-)
15:18:31 <AJaeger> ok, anything else?
15:19:06 <warlordfff> we gave 2460 DVD, 1960 openSUSE and 500 of the Gnome 3 Stathis got from Gnome Foundation
15:19:19 <tigerfoot> AJaeger: good idea to put 12.2 in bugzilla but add also 12.1 :D
15:19:29 <yaloki> tigerfoot: 12.1 is already there afaicr
15:19:34 <AJaeger> tigerfoot: 12.1 is there, isn't it?
15:20:01 <Ilmehtar> tigerfoot: 12.1 has been in bugzilla for a while mate :) just see like the last..oh dozen of my bugs ;-)
15:20:20 <tigerfoot> yaloki: not everywhere ... Product yes but in plateform it's missing
15:20:39 <tigerfoot> we have to use Suse other or 11.4 ....
15:20:39 <yaloki> tigerfoot: oh okay
15:21:00 <tigerfoot> which is a pain when you want to report directly from obs ....
15:21:12 <tigerfoot> but it's only details ...
15:21:28 <AJaeger> tigerfoot: Let me open a bug against bugzilla...
15:22:04 <tigerfoot> A+
15:22:09 <tigerfoot> :d
15:22:25 <warlordfff> anyway got tto go
15:22:43 <suseROCKs> thanks AJaeger for this meeting
15:22:52 <AJaeger> #endmeeting