<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-marketing: openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting 29-September-2011</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-marketing: openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting 29-September-2011</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by suseROCKs at 15:05:25 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-marketing.2011-09-29-15.05.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">12.1 Progress</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2011-09-29-15.05.log.html#l-22'>suseROCKs</a>, 15:07:46)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">warlordfff
    will upload Stella's articles regarding openSUSE Beta 12.1 BetaPizza
    Parties</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-09-29-15.05.log.html#l-37'>suseROCKs</a>,
    15:11:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">JDD posted some information about release notes
    status on Mailing list</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-09-29-15.05.log.html#l-57'>suseROCKs</a>,
    15:18:08)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">warlordfff to
    add status of release notes progress on Hackfest wiki page</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-09-29-15.05.log.html#l-58'>suseROCKs</a>,
    15:18:20)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Ilmehtar to
    write a report on news.o.o about results of SUSE Hackweek</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-09-29-15.05.log.html#l-116'>suseROCKs</a>,
    15:31:47)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">gmzysk and
    tony__ to review our news editorial schedule and cherry-pick an
    article or two they'd like to write</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-09-29-15.05.log.html#l-117'>suseROCKs</a>,
    15:32:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">12.1 First Beta scheduled to be published
    Saturday 1-October-2011</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-09-29-15.05.log.html#l-133'>suseROCKs</a>,
    15:35:57)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">From now on,
    until at least release of final 12.1 We will have regular "check-in"
    gatherings in IRC at 14:00 UTC on Wednesdays each week.
    Additionally, we will increase our discussions of statuses and
    progress on mailing lists to attract more contributors</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-09-29-15.05.log.html#l-178'>suseROCKs</a>,
    15:45:15)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Yearbook</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2011-09-29-15.05.log.html#l-182'>suseROCKs</a>, 15:46:40)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 16:32:18 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-marketing.2011-09-29-15.05.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>warlordfff  will upload Stella's articles regarding openSUSE Beta 12.1 BetaPizza Parties</li>
  <li>warlordfff to add status of release notes progress on Hackfest wiki page</li>
  <li>Ilmehtar to write a report on news.o.o about results of SUSE Hackweek</li>
  <li>gmzysk and tony__ to review our news editorial schedule and cherry-pick an article or two they'd like to write</li>
  <li>From now on, until at least release of final 12.1 We will have regular "check-in" gatherings in IRC at 14:00 UTC on Wednesdays each week.  Additionally, we will increase our discussions of statuses and progress on mailing lists to attract more contributors</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> gmzysk <ol>
    <li>gmzysk and tony__ to review our news editorial schedule and cherry-pick an article or two they'd like to write</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> Ilmehtar <ol>
    <li>Ilmehtar to write a report on news.o.o about results of SUSE Hackweek</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> tony__ <ol>
    <li>gmzysk and tony__ to review our news editorial schedule and cherry-pick an article or two they'd like to write</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> warlordfff <ol>
    <li>warlordfff  will upload Stella's articles regarding openSUSE Beta 12.1 BetaPizza Parties</li>
    <li>warlordfff to add status of release notes progress on Hackfest wiki page</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs (174)</li>
  <li>warlordfff (107)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (49)</li>
  <li>tony__ (25)</li>
  <li>differentreality (22)</li>
  <li>gmzysk (18)</li>
  <li>Ilmehtar (7)</li>
  <li>bmwiedemann (6)</li>
  <li>fanfan (3)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
  <li>anditosan (2)</li>
  <li>tigerfoot_demo (2)</li>
  <li>manugupt1_ (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
