<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-marketing: Marketing Team General Meeting 22-March-2011</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-marketing: Marketing Team General Meeting 22-March-2011</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by suseROCKs at 16:02:09 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Marketing  General Meeting | Opening Comments</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-30'>suseROCKs</a>, 16:04:03)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">suseROCKs to
    change regular general meeting to 15:00 to compensate for DST</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-46'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:08:03)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED"></span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-47'>jospoortvliet</a>,
    16:08:18)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Marketing Team General Meeting |  DVD Distribution</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-48'>suseROCKs</a>, 16:08:28)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Friendliness is a built-in trait of
    AJaeger</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-90'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:15:30)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Ambassadors_events">http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Ambassadors_events</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-107'>jospoortvliet</a>,
    16:18:08)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AJaeger
    warlordfff bear454 AlanClark to discuss offline a plan for
    coordinating data gained from DVD requests</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-174'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:29:42)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">the team to
    help improve DVD sending</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-177'>AJaeger</a>,
    16:30:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We have 30,000 11.4 DVDs.  22,500 in NUE and
    7,500 in Provo.  A public DVD request site will be published
    shortly</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-178'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:30:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">GNOME and KDE Live CD's will be shipped to the
    respective foundation when GNOME 3 and KDE 4.7 (or is it 4.6?) are
    ready</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-247'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:39:58)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting | Focus meetings</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-252'>suseROCKs</a>, 16:40:20)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">warlordfff to
    organize Ambassador review,  bear454 to organize news team
    review</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-337'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:57:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">jospoortvliet loves us all</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-397'>suseROCKs</a>,
    17:07:15)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Marketing Team General Meeting | Upcoming events</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-406'>suseROCKs</a>, 17:08:41)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">OSCON CFP ends March 28</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-410'>suseROCKs</a>,
    17:09:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">LFNW is April 30 and managed by bear454</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-411'>suseROCKs</a>,
    17:09:53)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Marketing Team General Meeting | Collaboration Days</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-416'>suseROCKs</a>, 17:10:58)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Marketing Team General Meeting | Miscellaneous and Q&amp;A</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html#l-509'>suseROCKs</a>, 17:31:59)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 17:40:21 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs to change regular general meeting to 15:00 to compensate for DST</li>
  <li>AJaeger warlordfff bear454 AlanClark to discuss offline a plan for coordinating data gained from DVD requests</li>
  <li>the team to help improve DVD sending</li>
  <li>warlordfff to organize Ambassador review,  bear454 to organize news team review</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> AJaeger <ol>
    <li>AJaeger warlordfff bear454 AlanClark to discuss offline a plan for coordinating data gained from DVD requests</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> AlanClark <ol>
    <li>AJaeger warlordfff bear454 AlanClark to discuss offline a plan for coordinating data gained from DVD requests</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> bear454 <ol>
    <li>AJaeger warlordfff bear454 AlanClark to discuss offline a plan for coordinating data gained from DVD requests</li>
    <li>warlordfff to organize Ambassador review,  bear454 to organize news team review</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> suseROCKs <ol>
    <li>suseROCKs to change regular general meeting to 15:00 to compensate for DST</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> warlordfff <ol>
    <li>AJaeger warlordfff bear454 AlanClark to discuss offline a plan for coordinating data gained from DVD requests</li>
    <li>warlordfff to organize Ambassador review,  bear454 to organize news team review</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs (195)</li>
  <li>warlordfff (148)</li>
  <li>AJaeger (65)</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet (42)</li>
  <li>tony_ (39)</li>
  <li>bear454 (31)</li>
  <li>Dominian (15)</li>
  <li>AlanClark (4)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (4)</li>
  <li>bugbot (3)</li>
  <li>rtyler (3)</li>
  <li>ankso (1)</li>
  <li>liquidsky42 (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
