=================================================================
#opensuse-marketing: Marketing Team General Meeting 22-March-2011
=================================================================


Meeting started by suseROCKs at 16:02:09 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-marketing/2011/opensuse-marketing.2011-03-22-16.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* openSUSE Marketing  General Meeting | Opening Comments  (suseROCKs,
  16:04:03)
  * ACTION: suseROCKs to change regular general meeting to 15:00 to
    compensate for DST  (suseROCKs, 16:08:03)
  * AGREED:   (jospoortvliet, 16:08:18)

* openSUSE Marketing Team General Meeting |  DVD Distribution
  (suseROCKs, 16:08:28)
  * Friendliness is a built-in trait of AJaeger  (suseROCKs, 16:15:30)
  * LINK: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Ambassadors_events
    (jospoortvliet, 16:18:08)
  * ACTION: AJaeger warlordfff bear454 AlanClark to discuss offline a
    plan for coordinating data gained from DVD requests  (suseROCKs,
    16:29:42)
  * ACTION: the team to help improve DVD sending  (AJaeger, 16:30:04)
  * We have 30,000 11.4 DVDs.  22,500 in NUE and 7,500 in Provo.  A
    public DVD request site will be published shortly  (suseROCKs,
    16:30:25)
  * GNOME and KDE Live CD's will be shipped to the respective foundation
    when GNOME 3 and KDE 4.7 (or is it 4.6?) are ready  (suseROCKs,
    16:39:58)

* openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting | Focus meetings  (suseROCKs,
  16:40:20)
  * ACTION: warlordfff to organize Ambassador review,  bear454 to
    organize news team review  (suseROCKs, 16:57:17)
  * jospoortvliet loves us all  (suseROCKs, 17:07:15)

* openSUSE Marketing Team General Meeting | Upcoming events  (suseROCKs,
  17:08:41)
  * OSCON CFP ends March 28  (suseROCKs, 17:09:30)
  * LFNW is April 30 and managed by bear454  (suseROCKs, 17:09:53)

* openSUSE Marketing Team General Meeting | Collaboration Days
  (suseROCKs, 17:10:58)

* openSUSE Marketing Team General Meeting | Miscellaneous and Q&A
  (suseROCKs, 17:31:59)



Meeting ended at 17:40:21 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* AJaeger
  * AJaeger warlordfff bear454 AlanClark to discuss offline a plan for
    coordinating data gained from DVD requests
* AlanClark
  * AJaeger warlordfff bear454 AlanClark to discuss offline a plan for
    coordinating data gained from DVD requests
* bear454
  * AJaeger warlordfff bear454 AlanClark to discuss offline a plan for
    coordinating data gained from DVD requests
  * warlordfff to organize Ambassador review,  bear454 to organize news
    team review
* suseROCKs
  * suseROCKs to change regular general meeting to 15:00 to compensate
    for DST
* warlordfff
  * AJaeger warlordfff bear454 AlanClark to discuss offline a plan for
    coordinating data gained from DVD requests
  * warlordfff to organize Ambassador review,  bear454 to organize news
    team review



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* suseROCKs (195)
* warlordfff (148)
* AJaeger (65)
* jospoortvliet (42)
* tony_ (39)
* bear454 (31)
* Dominian (15)
* AlanClark (4)
* manugupt1 (4)
* bugbot (3)
* rtyler (3)
* ankso (1)
* liquidsky42 (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4