<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-marketing log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:05:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:05:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Aug 16 15:05:03 2011 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:05:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:05:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">AJaeger  manugupt1</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:05:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AJaeger manugupt1 suseROCKs
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:06:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Our agenda is at http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Marketing_meeting#Proposed_Agenda_for_16-August-2011_Meeting
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. Conference promotion (15 minutes)
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. News Team organization
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. Review of Marketing related sessions to attend
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3. Other stuff
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. Software Freedom Day (10 minutes)
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3. Social Media Masters (10 minutes)
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:07:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 4. 12.1 Marketing Team hackfest ToDos (15 minutes)
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 5. Ambassador Travel Sponsorship Program (15 minutes)
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:07:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. . Where are we now and what's next?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:07:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 6. Miscellaneous and Q&amp;A
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:07:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. Can't attend the meeting? Enter your questions/comments here.
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:07:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok hwho is actually here now as that will affect the actual delivery of the agenda topics
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:08:43 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">is still here</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:08:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:09:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Meeting | Topic - Conference Promotion</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:09:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So first item under that topic is the news team.
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'd like to secure volunteers who will report the goings-on of the conference this year
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:10:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think making sure we post at least 2 stories a day is a good idea.   Thoughts?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:11:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> 2 stories / day during the conference? Or trying to build up promo beforehand?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:12:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   During
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:13:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have four days  and I think we have at least 4 committed writers including me, manugupt1 jos and kostas
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:13:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> Backing up a bit, then. Pls repeat name of conference (I missed last month) and if there is a specific recommended place for stories
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:13:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> But more writers would be even better.    Last year it was just me and Jos and hard to write articles and play at the conference at the same time
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:14:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,    This is in reference to the openSUSE Conference in Nuremberg next month
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:15:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> I'll have to check my schedule, but would a good approach be for attendees to twitter their thoughts and another person off-site do the aggregation and article writing?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:15:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> and from which we didn't have any schedule finished, so hard to promote it ...
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:15:21 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">really annoyed by this !</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:15:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,  that's next
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:16:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tigerfoot,   I believe its almost done.  its a bit complicated trying to fit everything in and communicating with various people about their needs etc.
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:16:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  let's poke people more as we get closer...  The next sub-topci is about social media
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:16:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> two things...  one, we need a social media master who will re-populate our articles on all our social media sites
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:17:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> kinda superman who doesn't exist
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:17:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> this doesn't require someone to be at the conference,  can be someone external who will react as soon as an article arrives
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:18:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> If there are already "our" social media sites, then re-populating should be a technical solution, only requiring a button click
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:18:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   Unfortunately it isn't tht simple
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we have our own accounts, but we also need to post on accounts we don't own that also are affiliated with openSUSE
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Afterwards, then privately pls explain why not simple and we can re-evaluate maybe
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:19:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> If your last post is the issue, it's not. Can solve that easily
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:19:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> this is a common problem that most FOSS orgs face,  we spend an hour populating our stuff on multiple accounts out there
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:19:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> We do not need *one* media master - we can share the load...
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:20:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   absolutely.   I think we need to have several people from now on
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:20:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> better to kill only one :D
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:20:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   If you have a solution I'm all ears, and so will the rest of FOSS  :-)
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:20:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span> Tools can only help a bit. You cannot publish automatically AFAIK to facebook groups, only to wall pages etc.
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:20:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> Would like to take a look at this "problem" if someone is willing to converse details with me after this meeting
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,    Sure
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:21:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> But if that one gets killed, nothing works but if there's a team...
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:21:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">tony__ and suseROCKs to talk about social media publication solutions after meeting</span>
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:22:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok next item under social media.  we need to spread the word at the conference to use hash tags during the conference
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:22:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I propose we use #openSUSE and #oSC11
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:22:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> I can think of at least a couple approaches to creating proper "Tools" which can work. Primary easy one would be to "pull" data into the site instead of "pushing which should address any auth issues
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:23:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Just one hashtag - #osc11 is fine.
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:23:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm also thinking we should make a few "Tweet us!" posters to put up around the conference center
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:23:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,  if we create a few posters, is it difficult to get them printed?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:24:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> shouldn't be a problem if we do it quickly!
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:24:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> A social media poster: Twitter hash tag, flickr group etc might be a cool idea
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:24:33 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">assumes it would use an in-house color printer and thus advise poster designer not to go overboard on color  :-)</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:25:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Yeah
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:25:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tigerfoot,    would you be willing to make a quick poster with the specs ^^ ?
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:25:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> nope
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:25:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> no time for it
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I'll send to artwork team request then
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:26:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tigerfoot,   no problem   I understnd
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:26:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> you just ask :D
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:26:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> the team ...
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:26:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs to request a tweet/dent poster creation from artwork team</span>
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:27:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok are there other items we should cover on the subject of conference promotion?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:27:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We all need to spread the word and continue reminding people to come to our conference.    So let's keep up the work on that
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:27:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> without a schedule it's just impossible to promote anything ....
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:28:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tigerfoot,  ok ok  I'll see where things are at now
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:28:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> See the news.o.o article. We can speak about the talks even if we don't know on which day they will be.
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:28:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> we need that fixed first, ( need it last monday ), then we will be able to publish article about promoting most of the workshop
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:28:46 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">agrees it's harder</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:29:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I do too
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:29:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> talk-scheduling is much more complicated than I ever imagined
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:29:14 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">pin's AJaeger with two suse-usb-key in ears</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:29:30 </span><span class="nka">* warlordmobile</span> <span class="ac">salutes</span>
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:29:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> Are you still copying usb keys? ;)
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:29:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok let's move on to next topic
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:29:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> no more, need stock
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:30:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting } Topic Software Freedom Day</span>
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:30:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Okay so we have SFD coming up in September    on 17th I think
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:30:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> yeap 17
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:30:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> One big challenge we have is we no longer have DVDs left to distribute and we are getting requests
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:31:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so we need to provide some creative solution to some of these events requesters
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:31:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> With the openSUSE conference before, I see those involved in the conference in no position to support SFD at all.
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:31:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> burn .iso and maybe habe some artwork to print
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:32:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordmobile,   burning is a possible solution but not for some of the events that expect 1000+ folks in attendance
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:32:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> for those who are wiling to do it
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:32:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> well you are right
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:32:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   all I'm thinking of is that someone here volunteer to come up with a blueprint of an idea that we can point people to for what they can do for their events
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:33:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Hi all manu here
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:33:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and I can think of saying "We don't have any DVDs left" as a good promotion actually because it says we've been so popular this year we have been unable to keep up with demand  :-)
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:34:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:34:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> A "blueprint" is a fine idea but better is to integrate or build in a Project Manager so it can be re-used step by step by later users
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:34:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> maybe even write an article about it
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:34:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> a faster solution than iso burning would be something along the lines of live USB burning.. people wanting to promote openSUSE at events could setup their laptops (using a susestudio image?) to slap on live USB images.. plug in, wipe pen? I'm just brainstorming..
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:34:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> But lesser dvds  mean lesser user too
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:35:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   Don't overengineer.      we're trying to react right away to the fact that there are requests now for materials and we have none to give
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:35:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Yes illmehtar
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:35:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ilmehtar,   adding a USB Burning station is a nice idea to add to the blueprint
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:36:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Just saying - You can implement short term solutions but recommend keeping an eye on long term too to lessen work over time
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:36:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,    that's what a wiki does.   Once its a wiki page, its there forever  and we can always reference our historical actions that way
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:37:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> its just that this time is the first time we've ever been caught by surprise with a shortage of DVDs.  We hope to rectify that in the next printing of 12.1   but for now we have to figure out our stopgap measure
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:37:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> A USB burning station isn't high volume, takes a long time per unit, right?
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:37:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> We did a far better job in distribution than the last years ;)
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:38:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   Absolutely!  And that's something I think we should write about on news.o.o.    Shortage = Success  :-)
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:38:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span> not necessarily. USB's are much faster than burning CD's, and if we use Live iso's as their image its only 700MB or so to copy.
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:38:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and AJaeger  deserves a big round of applause for his work in ensuring DVDs got distributed well.
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:38:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> I could write something about it tommorow
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:39:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> article
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:39:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I was asking myself whether we blogged about it - and if we indeed did not, then I applaud warlordmobile to write an article.
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:39:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ilmehtar,    on the plus side it is faster than cd burning,  on the negative side,  its still one burn per action at an event booth  :-)
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:39:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordmobile:</span> Let me review it before you publish, please
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:39:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> and then review it and maybe add things :)
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:40:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> well in theory you could do more than one..slap in a USB hub and go to town
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:40:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so can someone volunteer to create a wiki page with suggestion for alternative to printed materials for SFD events?
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:40:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> sorry mobile writing is slooow
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:41:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ilmehtar,   interested?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:42:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Sure I'll do it
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:42:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> if someone starts this i could help
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:42:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> just mail me tthe url
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:42:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">Ilmehtar to create SFD Blueprint on wiki to point people to for their events.   Creative solutions for low-cost production of booth without materials from SUSE</span>
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">15:43:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   FYI  Roger in Riverside wants to create an openSUSE Rave Party for SFD.   I think you'd have fun there.  :-)
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">15:43:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Cool. Let's talk after meeting
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">15:44:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok we are running a little over schedule here and next topic is Social Media Masters
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">15:44:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> sorry need to go, suseROCKs post the log in wiki pls ...
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">15:44:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm going to put that on hold until tony__  and I have the discussion after the meeting and hear his ideas
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">15:44:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tigerfoot,   its utomatically posted
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">15:44:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> *automatically
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">15:45:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Not on thewiki
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">15:45:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok ok
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">15:45:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> will do that
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">15:45:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> next topic
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">15:45:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting | 12.1 Marketing Team Hackfest  ToDos</span>
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">15:46:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ok so as you all know, we will ahve our second-ever Marketing Team hackfest immediately after the openSUSE Conference in Nuremberg
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">15:46:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> For those of you unable to attend, we will still be able to get involved via online
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">15:46:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> need help for collaboration days
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">15:46:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordmobile,    not the same topic
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">15:46:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">15:47:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> but have that in mind
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">15:47:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The timing and uniqueness of 12.1 presents some interesting challenges and opportunities
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">15:47:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> Todo? Is there a wrong way?
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">15:47:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Is there a paper on timing and uniqueness?
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">15:48:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 12.1 will be released just before the holiday seson begins.  and 12.1 will introduce some new technologies and our frontline folks here need to be prepared to answer questions and assist on those things
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">15:48:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Are we speaking on topics related to marketing fest topics
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">15:48:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> its openSUSE it is always unique :)
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">15:48:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manigupt, yup
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">15:49:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> I javelin
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">15:49:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   two major new technologies being shipped in 12.1    SystemD and GNOME 3 are examples.
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">15:49:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> I have N idea android campaigning for 12.1
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">15:49:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> shoot it
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">15:50:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> Looks like "official" new features is incomplete http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Upcoming_features
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">15:50:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   of course.  Its a work in progress
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">15:50:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> guys  can we please stay focused?
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">15:51:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manigupt:</span> Would like to hear more (later)
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">15:51:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> me2
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">15:52:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> with regards to timing, because we'll have less visibility (less events) after November due to holidays, we need to shift some of the post-release energy to pre-release and talk up 12.1 a storm at events in October for example
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">15:52:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> there are several important events coming up in October.  For example Ilmehtar and I will be at Brainshare.    There is the LibreOffice Conference in Paris
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">15:53:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> There is a conference in au too in Nov / Dec
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">15:53:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> will we send ambassadors there?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">15:53:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordmobile,  to where?
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">15:54:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> we have jdd and tim serong
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">15:54:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> paris and Au
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">15:54:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well that's something the ambassador team leaders need to push hard on to get coverage at these events
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">15:54:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> we could ask them to go
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">15:54:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> you're one of the leaders so why ask here  "will we send?"  :-)
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">15:55:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> ritorical :)
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">15:55:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">15:55:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> I will ask them for it by tommorow
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">15:56:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so on the topic of hackest todos, we need to think about wht tasks to get completed by the end of hackfest
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">15:56:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and I see the following most important
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">15:56:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.  Creation of materials (including presentations) to distribute and push people to use leading up to 12.1 release
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">15:56:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> e.g. use in October
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">15:57:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2.  Good documentation and training of new technologies so our ambassadors can answer questions  in person
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">15:57:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3.  Keeping up with the Release Notes  which won't be perfect but we'll have a better idea by September
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">15:57:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> we need an overview of 12.1 flr this
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">15:57:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that's 1. warlordmobile
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">15:57:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> y
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">15:58:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Looks like a good prelim roadmap. BTW - Anyone know why jump from 11.4 to 12.1 and not 12.0?
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">15:58:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so the question now is what can we do to prepare before marketing hackfest so we are not cramming everything in two days?
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">15:58:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> we voted for kt tony
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">15:58:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> I have a few ideas
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">15:58:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,    12.0 was released yesterday.  Didn't you know?
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">15:59:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordmobile:</span> OK. Plenty of people will ask
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">15:59:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> we will have marketing collaborationdays before bryen
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">15:59:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   I'll explain the 12.1 scheme after the meeting    :-)
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">16:00:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> we could make things there
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">16:00:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> or ask people to help
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">16:01:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordmobile,   do you have a list of stuff to do for the Ambassador Collaboration Day yet?
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">16:01:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> 1 day is enough
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">16:01:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> a small list
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">16:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok warlordmobile  let's take a look at that list in detail in a bit after the meeting and see what we can add to it.
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">16:02:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> 1 day for what?
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">16:02:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> bryen not today
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">16:02:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> For ambassador day
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">16:02:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> i am on mobile
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">16:03:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,    I wonder will there be any experts on systemd in the office during makreting hackfest?  Perhaps we can invite them to stop by and give us an overview of systemd so we can answer folks better at events?
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">16:03:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> 1 day it will be manu
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">16:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Ask frederic crozat
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">16:03:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordmobile,   I wasn't saying today.    I have no patience to talk to someone on mobile.   :-)
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">16:03:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Send me an email and I CC him ;)
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">16:04:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   Frederic doesn't work in NUE though, right?
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">16:04:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'll definitely reach out to him as he's leading the systemd implementation
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">16:04:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> brien manu will mail you the etherpad
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">16:04:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Thanks
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">16:05:06 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">kicks warlordmobile and tells him it is unacceptable to misspell my name!</span>
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">16:05:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok last topic coming up!
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">16:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Hey all i have a few new ideas that should be implement
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">16:06:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Wait
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">16:06:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> sorry its a small android bryen :)
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">16:06:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manigupt,   ok go ahead
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">16:06:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> I would like to enhance web promotion and android proliferation
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">16:07:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> He will be at the conference ;)
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">16:07:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manigupt,   +1  and I have a few ideas on the android apps we can use to customize for openSUSE.   let's talk about it when you're not mobile  :-)
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">16:07:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Last time i had an idea of a promo website for a new release
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">16:07:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Ok
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">16:08:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> manigupt I'm into Android dev too
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">16:08:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Awesome tony i will mail to the marketing list
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">16:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   Awesome.  We need more android developes on this team because we all have wonderful ideas and they get stuck cuz we don't know who is a developer around here
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">16:08:57 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">is just an android user</span>
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">16:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> But a great development
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">16:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Dev
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">16:09:28 </span><span class="nka">* warlordmobile</span> <span class="ac">too</span>
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">16:10:03 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">is having issues with Android lately but is trying to be patient with Android</span>
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">16:10:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> isnt there a community of android developers? maybe we should ask help from them
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">16:10:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">manigupt tony__ and others to discuss Android app for promoting openSUSE</span>
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">16:11:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordmobile:</span> There is but let's see what we're trying to do first
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">16:11:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordmobile,   we have a community of it here  :-)
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">16:11:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> agreed tony
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">16:11:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok final topic
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">16:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> we have ?
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">16:12:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE marketing meeting | Topic:  Ambassador Travel Sponsorship program</span>
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">16:12:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so here's the thing.    I realize a lot of the ambassadors aren't here right now so we don't have to go into great detail discussing this....
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">16:12:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but I want to say two things
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">16:13:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.  I think its great that we have seen some good initial discussions about the program within the ambassador team
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">16:13:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2.  Now is the time for action.    Don't overengineer the program and figure out all the mistakes right away.   We need to start making actual plans to send people to places
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">16:14:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So Ambassadors, please look at all important events coming up between now and Nov 1 that we can send to
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">16:14:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and let's get our people out there!
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">16:14:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> ok how we decide whom to send where?
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">16:15:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I would not word it "sending" but support ;)
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">16:15:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> I would not suggest s hapazate way
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">16:15:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordmobile,   you come up with a complete list of events worldwide as much as you can come up with and then look for people local who can go
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">16:15:48 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">needs to take care of some issues now, talk to you later</span>
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">16:15:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if no local, determine if it is important enough to send someone and expand your circle to see where people are that can get there reasonably
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">16:16:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> ok and then i talk to jos?
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">16:16:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordmobile,  no  come up with the list and get the agreement and you and team agree on which is priority for the up to $5000
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">16:16:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Wait plz listen to my idea
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">16:16:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">16:16:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordmobile,   and please, its not "I talk" but "team talk" to Jos
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">16:16:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> as a single proposal
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">16:17:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> I don't want to restrict the activities to the ambassador list
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">16:17:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> i was a mistake
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">16:17:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manigupt,   I agree.   we should be sending people we feel are best qualified for the event content
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">16:17:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> We should plan it in such a way to get more users involved
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">16:17:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Sometimes sending a developer is  better idea than an ambassador
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">16:17:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">16:18:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Yes
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">16:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manigupt,  and as for letting people know bout events coming up and asking people to help out, we should be sending that announcement to the project list, not the ambassador list only
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">16:19:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Even more
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">16:19:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> +1 too
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">16:19:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Announce news etc etc
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">16:19:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and once we have the event planned out, it should always be announced on news.o.o
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">16:19:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manigupt,   not for initial recruiting, only for actual planned
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">16:19:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> like the nice articles we have done so far this year
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">16:20:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Once i am in room i will speak detail
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">16:20:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but my disappointment is so many people are not bothering to write a pre-article about their upcoming events and we never know its happening until too late
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">16:20:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> wait please
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">16:20:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> if you have a recommended procedure, you should post in a private website, location or something for internal marketing use
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">16:21:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> this should be done by people who know about the upcomming event
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">16:21:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Its open source more things should be public
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">16:22:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> y
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">16:22:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we practice open marketing here
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">16:22:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> just like other FOSS projects do.  We don't do things "internally"
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">16:23:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> "Open" is fine, as a Security SysAdmin it's anti my instincts
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">16:23:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok warlordmobile and manigupt   you are both mobile right now and you have a lot to say so let's set an appointment this week to talk here when you both can type normally
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">16:24:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> tomorow?
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">16:24:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> It will be better that way
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">16:24:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> at that time is fine with me
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">16:24:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Thursday
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">16:24:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> Is there a designated repository for these "project plans" and "marketing recommended procedures leading up to events?"
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">16:25:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Wiki
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">16:25:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> so manu tommorow?
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">16:25:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manigupt:</span> There should be a single desgnated Wiki site then
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">16:25:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   its called a wiki  :-)   And yes we need to make more definitive recommendations for event planning and preparation.  However that's under the Ambassador Team role, not marketing team.  I'm just trying to push here to get it a bit more cleared up
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">16:25:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordmobile,  manigupt said Thursday
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">16:25:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Thursday please or at 5 istq
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">16:26:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> let's do Thursday
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">16:26:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">16:26:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> Am saying it's not sufficient to say it's somewhere in the Wiki, you need to specify a specific Wiki site you'll be using
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">16:26:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> what time?
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">16:26:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> utc please
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">16:26:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Portal:marketing tony
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">16:27:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Mine is +530
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">16:27:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordmobile,  manigupt   so 14:00 UTC ok?
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">16:27:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> fine
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">16:27:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that's one hour earlier than usual meeting time but makes it little easier for manigupt
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">16:27:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> No i will be out that time or Thursday
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">16:28:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> i am confused
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">16:28:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Lets make it Thursday then
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">16:28:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manigupt:</span> OK, will take a closer look at how it's currently used
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">16:28:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> why not talk about it on a mail?
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">16:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manigupt,    so pick a time
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">16:29:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> i am free all day
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">16:29:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> Same meeting time
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">16:29:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">16:29:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> is it easy to msil
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">16:29:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordmobile,   Thursday is Free Day?   I heard normall you charge 50 euro an hour  :)
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">16:30:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> is it easy to mail me that please?so that kwill not forget?
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">16:30:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> I will mail in a while
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">16:30:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> only 50 euro? he's cheap
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">16:30:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordmobile,   ok I'll mail to you
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">16:30:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> pleeeeeease?
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">16:30:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">16:31:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ilmehtar,   when you meet warlordmobile then youll know how cheap he really is
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">16:31:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manigupt&gt;</span> He is a man not a give illehmetsr
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">16:31:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordmobile&gt;</span> ???
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">16:31:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  let's close up the meeting now.  I will send summaries via email shortly to our teams
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">16:32:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
