============================================================================
#opensuse-marketing: openSUSE Marketing Team Monthly Meeting for 17-May-2011
============================================================================


Meeting started by suseROCKs at 15:01:47 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-marketing/2011/opensuse-marketing.2011-05-17-15.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Welcome to openSUSE Marketing Meeting | Topic:  Upcoming Events
  (suseROCKs, 15:04:23)
  * US upcoming events OSCON in July and Ohio Linux Fest in Sept
    (suseROCKs, 15:08:43)
  * German upcoming events Froscon in August and Desktop Summit in
    August  (suseROCKs, 15:08:58)
  * ACTION: suseROCKs to investigate idea of Hospitality Suite for OSCON
    thanks to tony__ 's suggestion  (suseROCKs, 15:09:42)
  * ACTION: suseROCKs to work on talking points about "effects of
    Attachmate acquistion and the continued independence of openSUSE"
    (suseROCKs, 15:33:08)

* Welcome to openSUSE Marketing Team | Topic:  openSUSE Conference
  marketing planning  (suseROCKs, 15:33:58)
  * LINK:
    http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=202207046487042#!/event.php?eid=202207046487042
    (suseROCKs, 15:40:06)
  * ACTION: jospoortvliet_ to reach out to LinuxMagazin for media
    partnership  (AJaeger, 16:03:54)
  * ACTION: jospoortvliet_ add events page to connect.o.o  (AJaeger,
    16:05:40)
  * ACTION: warlordfff .... just write!  :-D  (suseROCKs, 16:06:59)
  * ACTION: ping yaloki to set up countdown with oSC material
    (suseROCKs, 16:15:15)
  * ACTION: suseROCKs  to discuss artwork needs with artwork team and
    get that squared away  (suseROCKs, 16:16:59)
  * ACTION: jospoortvliet_ to write skeleton articles to -marketing and
    ask someone to pick them up and finish them  (AJaeger, 16:19:16)
  * ACTION: warlordfff and AJaeger interview about Zentrifuge  (AJaeger,
    16:19:59)
  * ACTION: javier and rlihm to discuss artwork needs and organization
    for openSUSE Conference  (suseROCKs, 16:27:45)
  * ACTION: suseROCKs to draft outline of oSC promotion planning for
    marketing team and post it by end of week (sooner preferably)
    (suseROCKs, 16:29:05)



Meeting ended at 16:30:44 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* AJaeger
  * warlordfff and AJaeger interview about Zentrifuge
* javier
  * javier and rlihm to discuss artwork needs and organization for
    openSUSE Conference
* jospoortvliet
  * jospoortvliet_ to reach out to LinuxMagazin for media partnership
  * jospoortvliet_ add events page to connect.o.o
  * jospoortvliet_ to write skeleton articles to -marketing and ask
    someone to pick them up and finish them
* jospoortvliet_
  * jospoortvliet_ to reach out to LinuxMagazin for media partnership
  * jospoortvliet_ add events page to connect.o.o
  * jospoortvliet_ to write skeleton articles to -marketing and ask
    someone to pick them up and finish them
* suseROCKs
  * suseROCKs to investigate idea of Hospitality Suite for OSCON thanks
    to tony__ 's suggestion
  * suseROCKs to work on talking points about "effects of Attachmate
    acquistion and the continued independence of openSUSE"
  * suseROCKs  to discuss artwork needs with artwork team and get that
    squared away
  * suseROCKs to draft outline of oSC promotion planning for marketing
    team and post it by end of week (sooner preferably)
* tony__
  * suseROCKs to investigate idea of Hospitality Suite for OSCON thanks
    to tony__ 's suggestion
* warlordfff
  * warlordfff .... just write!  :-D
  * warlordfff and AJaeger interview about Zentrifuge



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* suseROCKs (195)
* warlordfff (119)
* jospoortvliet_ (96)
* AJaeger (61)
* manugupt1 (41)
* tony__ (27)
* javier (5)
* bugbot (3)
* altin (3)
* sshaw (1)
* sebas (1)
* jospoortvliet (0)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4