<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-marketing log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:01:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Marketing Team Monthly Meeting for 17-May-2011</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:01:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue May 17 15:01:47 2011 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:01:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:01:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">AJaeger jospoortvliet</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:01:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AJaeger jospoortvliet suseROCKs
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:02:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Everyone ready?
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:02:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Does tony__ have his 8 a.m. coffee in hand?
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:02:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Always ;)
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:02:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> then let's proceed...
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:02:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Drowning in Green Tea
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:03:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Today's meeting will focus on just two topics because we want to make sure they have the proper attention.
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:03:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> 10 sec please
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:03:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 9
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 8
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 7
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 6
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:03:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 5
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:03:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 4
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:03:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:03:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:03:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:03:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Topics:
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> okk
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:03:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> too precise ;)
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:03:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.  Review of upcoming events (15 minutes)
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:03:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> too slow
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:03:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. openSUSE Conference 2011 Marketing Planning (Remainder of meeting)
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:04:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so let's go ahead with topic #1
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Welcome to openSUSE Marketing Meeting | Topic:  Upcoming Events</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:04:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok So in the US we have several events coming up over the next few months.
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:05:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have a general software event in San Diego that will be attended by others outside of openSUSE but they will distribute our materials for us
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:05:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have OSCON but we may not be able to do that show because they want too much money
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:05:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we have Ohio Linux Fest which is Sept 9-11  and we have two tentative people going to represent us there
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:05:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> What else is coming up in the next few months?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:06:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> For anything too expensive SOP is setup Hospitality Suite.
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:06:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> We have soething in a few days here in Greece
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:06:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   SOP?
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:06:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> Standard Operating Practice
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:06:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> What other events do we have? somebody asked about FROSCON AFAIR and needed additional people to staff the booh
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:07:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   The convention center isn't at the same location as hotels  so that probably would be logistically challenging
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Idea is to setup a hotel room nearby, cost is suite and advertising/promotion to attendees (underground) but no booth fee
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:07:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> Jan asked about it
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:07:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> We are also organizing something else
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:07:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   yes,  I asked liquidsky42 to repost his request for volunteers to -project.  We need to start paying attention to -project to recruit event volunteers
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:07:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but I need some time to tell you about it
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:08:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   but it is a good idea and I'll deinitely take it into advisement with Jos and see what we want to do.   It's worth the exploration
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:08:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. I need to inform maybe of an event that can come
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:08:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> so I will need inputs again
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:08:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">US upcoming events OSCON in July and Ohio Linux Fest in Sept</span>
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:08:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">German upcoming events Froscon in August and Desktop Summit in August</span>
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:09:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   give us some info here  please  :-)
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:09:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:09:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we have many event volunteers here in Greece
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:09:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs to investigate idea of Hospitality Suite for OSCON thanks to tony__ 's suggestion</span>
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:09:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> also ambassadors and others who want to work for openSUSE community, so..
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:10:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that's great
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:10:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but we need to do more than just get volunteers... we need to let the world know what we are doing
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:10:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we are thinking in organise a camp so that all of those people meet play and learn about the project
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:10:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> a collaboration camp
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:10:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm only seeing this year, LFNW and LinuxTag announced on news.o.o.  Nothing else.  We look quiet when we really aren't.  Please folks!   Submit articles about your events prior to event happening
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:11:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> and afterwards as well ;)
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:11:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> within the community and people who want to do something about it
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:11:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we are still looking how to do it
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:11:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but we are getting somewhere
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:12:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> what do you think abou it?
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:12:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Events really love it when we advertise for them on our news.o.o site and it helps build relationships.  Please don't pass up that opportunity
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:12:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> I think I may have something tech soon I want you to participate in (planning your event)
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:12:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> can you explain more?
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:12:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> who me or tony?
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> tony
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> Too long for IRC. Will follup
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:13:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:13:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> any other events coming up, folks?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:13:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Yes
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:13:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> no what about what I am telling you?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:13:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:13:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> now what about what I am telling you?
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:13:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I got the DVDs from psankar and AJaeger
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:13:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   better to have an outline of event you have in mind and show for feedback tahn an abstract right now which anyone can comment but doesn't really lead to anything
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:14:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> So what I will do is distribute among local LUGs, at my home town we have an ambassador who was pretty excited
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:14:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> So I plan to give a talk and distribute the DVDs
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:14:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:14:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Talk will be in 2 phases, 101 sesssion on GNOME3 / openSUSE and the other one one contributing
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:14:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   how's our DVD supply these days?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:15:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> So I hope to get some contributors to the project from there..
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:15:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> not AJaeger I have 900 left
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:15:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">note:</span> AJaeger I have 900 left
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> A couple thousands, I expect by July to be without any left...
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:15:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> maybe earlier
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:16:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> awesome thanks a lot :)
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:16:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   WOW!    That will be a new record!
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:16:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> We are record breakers ;-)
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:16:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I smell an article on that topic of "We ain't got no mo'!"
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:16:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Yeah, I tried hard to get rid of them to not have any over once 12.1 is out - but still toldsome people no.
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:16:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> the gnome3 dvds or openSUSE DVDs?
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:16:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Yeah...
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:16:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Or Both?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:17:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> The openSUSE ones. GNOME3 ones are handled by GNOME (I have t ocheck whether we still have some in Nuernberg...)
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:17:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   openSUSE DVDs   The GNOME ones are gone already in other peopel's hands
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:17:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> if you have some I want some
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:17:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> Awesome I recived the GNOME 3 DVDs
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:17:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   visit a GNOME Booth near you  :-D
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:17:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> haha
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:18:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> they did not send for the booth
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:18:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> AJaeger Is there an official Gnome DVD master can d/l?
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:18:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so we have none
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:18:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span> Yes,
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:18:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Can I ask an offtopic question?
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:18:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> OK, I'll look for it
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:19:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span> http://blog.crozat.net/2011/05/iso-image-for-gnome3-promo-dvd.html
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:19:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok we're slightly over the 15 minute cap for Events topic...  is there anything else to cover before we move along?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:19:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> Thx
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:19:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and warlordfff   please please please submit articles to News.o.o about upcoming events.   We sadly missed a great article about Patras coming up.  :-(
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:20:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am still confused about news
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:20:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I reminded you several times to do it.  Let's not miss the opportunity for your other upcoming events
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:20:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:20:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Sorry for that
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:20:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   what's to be confused about?   You have an upcoming event and you write about it.  Like we did with LFNW and LinuxTag
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> how it works
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:20:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:20:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   just write.  Rest o the team can handle the management of articles.
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:21:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we made the article actually
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:21:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> Send a draft to news@opensuse.org - the news team will polish and ask back.
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:21:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but it was a misunderstanding so...
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:21:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:21:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I learned for the next time
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:21:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:21:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so let's close this topic and I'll follow up with all of you on your resources for your events shortly
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:21:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> O/T was asked by manugupt1 and I'd like a comment on message I sent you yesterday, too
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:22:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   regarding the state of affairs after layoffs?
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">15:22:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Yes and how it's affecting Marketing
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">15:23:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span> It has not affected marketing at openSUSE
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">15:23:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well in terms of bodies,  the only real direct participants in our marketing team that are on payroll are AJaeger and jospoortvliet are still here  :-)
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">15:23:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> OK, thx, then only indirect effects because large parts of Novell FOSS are devastated
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">15:23:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span> This is not true at all.
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">15:23:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> with respect to resources  (aka funding, etc.) well, there are some freezes set by Attachmate so we are trying to figure out and use that window of opportunity to lobby for extra funding
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">15:24:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span> Layoffs in the SUSE BU in the FOSS area happened only for Mono developers - and those were not really involved with openSUSE at all.
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">15:24:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> Any word on Libre after Oracle/Sun killed off OpenOffice?
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">15:24:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span> Large parts of NOVELL FOSS is just not true.
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">15:25:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> LibreOffice is its own Foundation
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">15:25:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span> Check the LibreOffice website, they answered publically.
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">15:25:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> I know Forum Admins are affected, is Mono only main victim? Would mean problems for Banshee and other apps built on Mono
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">15:26:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well banshee is primarily led by Aaron Bockover and he left Novell a while ago, didn't he?
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">15:26:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Aaaron left a couple of months ago
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">15:26:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> LibreOffice might be its own foundation but I understand practically all principles are employed by Novell
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">15:27:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> Banshee is built on Mono, dependent on Mono dev
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">15:27:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span> While Novell/SUSE has the largest team of developers, it's not the only team - Red Hat has a large team a swell and there are many individuals
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">15:27:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,  yes but I think its an assumption here that because the contributors are employed by Novell, thus it means Novell is directly sponsoring LibreOffice.   I don't think that's actually the case.
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">15:28:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> suseROCKs OK, will wait for further events
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">15:28:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   I will say this much...   What you saw at Sun/Oracle isn't going to happen here.    Attachmate repeatedly reasserts that they do NOT want to be like Oracle
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">15:28:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> They recognize the value of community and FOSS contributions and they do NOT wish to close that valve
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">15:29:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> BTW - rumor is that because of layoffs openSUSE might be returned to German roots
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">15:29:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> They've said so publicly as well as directly to me in personal conversations
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">15:29:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,   No...  What Attachmate did was to create separate business units.  Novell and SUSE are no longer one and the same but are unique business units.
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">15:30:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> As such, that means naturally, openSUSE is more closely aligned with the German SUSE unit
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">15:30:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span> Let's not spread rumours.
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">15:30:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but at the same time, that whole line is a misnomer, because openSUSE is not owned by Attachmate/SUSE/et al.  openSUSE is owned by its community.
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">15:30:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span> If you have a concrete question, ask!
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">15:30:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Only thing owned is the trademarks
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">15:30:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> Just wanting to verify/kill rumors already out there
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">15:31:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span>  we are here to kill rumors not spreading them
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">15:31:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   it might be worth our time in next week or so to just create some good talking points  (like we did a while ago after there was a rumor that Novell would be bought out)
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">15:31:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   well  in tony__ 's defense, he's trying to get the right information so he can kill them.  :-)
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">15:31:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> AJaeger After a significant disruption it's good to make a statement whatever can be said
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">15:32:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Thx, nothing I've asked originated by me. Is widely discussed already
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">15:32:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  no need to defend him I am not attacking ;-)
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">15:32:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> alrighty  let's do talking points then....
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">15:32:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeaaa
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">15:32:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Let's see what we can write up.
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">15:33:08 </span><span class="nka">* warlordfff</span> <span class="ac">loves talking points</span>
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">15:33:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs to work on talking points about "effects of Attachmate acquistion and the continued independence of openSUSE"</span>
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">15:33:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   dude... you love talking!
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">15:33:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Awesome
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">15:33:35 </span><span class="nka">* warlordfff</span> <span class="ac">;-)</span>
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">15:33:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  let's move on to next topic
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">15:33:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Welcome to openSUSE Marketing Team | Topic:  openSUSE Conference marketing planning</span>
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">15:34:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok why isn't #topic working?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">15:34:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hmm  ok
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">15:34:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> because you forgot bugbot
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">15:34:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh crap
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">15:34:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no wait  i did op bugbot
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">15:34:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> You have to make bugbot channel operator!
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">15:34:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sheesh
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">15:35:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">15:35:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I thought I did  :-(
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">15:35:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok ok  enough screwing up...   Conference 2011 Here we come!
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">15:35:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Cool! Looking  forward to all of you ;)
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">15:36:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we have several areas we need to focus on and we need volunteers to work on it over the next few months
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">15:36:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> What we need:
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">15:36:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am very excited about oSC
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">15:36:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.  Artwork to help promote our information
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">15:36:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2.  Social Media
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">15:36:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3.  Contacts (to spread the word and get more invitations out there)
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">15:37:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> For right now, I'd like to focus on social media...
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">15:37:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   We have openSUSE Conf twitter account.    I wonder  do you  think we should use that again this year or try to put it all on @opensuse?
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">15:37:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> That reminds me - we have @opensuse_conf...
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">15:37:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I re-posted your FB announcement to the Greek ML
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">15:37:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I prefer @opensuse....  but I don't think its that easy to switch back since we got so many subscribers on the @conf one.
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">15:37:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> we need to use both IMO
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">15:38:07 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">believes we have tweet deck or something to use both</span>
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">15:38:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So double-tweeting?
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">15:38:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> more is better
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">15:38:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   not necessarily.   Double-tweeting = spamming
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">15:38:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Yes
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">15:38:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> you did maintain an account right?
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">15:38:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> we have cotweet - if anybody likes to help, tell me...
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">15:38:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  so what?
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">15:38:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but I think we need to do it anyway since we're kind of invested in @conf already
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">15:39:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I can do it to at @openSUSE-gr
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">15:39:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I can do it too at @openSUSE-gr
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">15:39:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   thanks for passing info to greek ML.  What I need now from you all is to go to the FB page and add more invitations
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">15:39:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> in greek ;)
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">15:39:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">15:40:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=202207046487042#!/event.php?eid=202207046487042
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">15:40:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> done
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">15:40:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> terrorpup,  are you around?
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">15:40:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I told Stathis about it since he is handling FB
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">15:40:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> and all other ambassadors
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">15:40:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   sure, but you also have your own network o friends.   Go to the page and invite them to it.  :-D
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">15:40:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am Facebookless
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">15:41:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  we will
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">15:41:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> pity
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">15:41:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok terrorpup isn't here and I wanted his advice on how we should approach other socnet sites
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">15:41:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we need to handle for linkedin as well
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">15:42:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and how do we spread the word to non-English sites?
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">15:42:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Like those Greeks  :-)
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">15:42:27 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">sees AJaeger tweeting from the oSC account</span>
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">15:42:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">15:42:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">javier:</span>  can you help us on that?
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">15:42:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   are you going to set up a cotweet for @conf?
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">15:43:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Done since ages...
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">15:43:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I could also talk to cheperobert about it
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">15:43:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> As part of the major tech project I'm working on I likely will have a socnet auto solution ready by next month (well prob)
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">15:43:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> You have access ;)
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">15:43:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,  Cool  Thanks
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">15:43:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> oh
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">15:43:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Idea
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">15:43:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   I so wish the cotweet interface was easier for me to read  -(
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">15:44:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> everyone please fasten your seatbelts.   warlordfff has an idea
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">15:44:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span> I think cotweet does just that
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">15:44:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Maybe I could send an e-mail to some non-English ambassadors I know
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">15:44:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> Thx I likely will look at poss embedding that in a larger tech solution
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">15:44:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> Parts for sure - posting to multiple twitter accounts, scheduling, ...
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">15:44:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> about promoting it
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">15:44:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> what about that?
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">15:45:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   what are you asking us?
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">15:45:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If you're asking if you should spread to non-english... that's hardly even a question.  We should be doing it regardless  :-)
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">15:45:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> not really ;-)
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">15:45:39 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">needs to update the wiki for the conference, he will probabably do it next month</span>
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">15:45:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> No questions asked!
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">15:46:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> FYI Folks... I will be setting up a marketing page for the Conference planning todo's
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">15:46:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I will make some updates on the wiki too
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">15:46:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Be sure to add the wiki too
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">15:46:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Link it from the main planning page
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">15:46:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> err  i mean Conference promoting todos
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">15:46:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  +1
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">15:46:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   yes
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">15:47:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok guys,  so I'm trying to to be too specific here so that you guys can be creative and come up with the plans for the promotion.
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">15:47:12 </span><span class="nka">* warlordfff</span> <span class="ac">slaps jospoortvliet with a large trout</span>
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">15:47:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so come on...  speak out and get those juices flowing
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">15:47:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> hi all sorry for being late
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">15:47:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> slap jospoortvliet_ ;)
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">15:47:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> had trafic jams...
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">15:47:41 </span><span class="nka">* warlordfff</span> <span class="ac">slaps jospoortvliet with a large trout</span>
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">15:47:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet_:</span> We gave all action items to you as usual ;)
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">15:47:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet_, Late?  No  meeting starts in 13 minutes
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">15:47:52 </span><span class="nka">* sebas</span> <span class="ac">let jospoortvliet_ online :)</span>
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">15:47:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> oh that's fine I'll ignore them as usual...
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">15:47:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">15:47:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">15:47:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet_:</span> This is the pre-meeting ;)
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">15:48:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> hahaha
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">15:48:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> welcome sebas!
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">15:48:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> now a serius question about oSC
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">15:48:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> sebas gathered all you guys said and will paste it to me so be careful, I KNOW WHAT YOU DID LAST HALF HOUR
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">15:48:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> /deep voice
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">15:48:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> How can I help more??
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">15:48:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet_,  atm we are discussing the conference promotion needs.   We are specifically talking about social media
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">15:48:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> aaaah conf promo
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">15:48:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> good
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">15:49:28 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">imagines jospoortvliet_ in a /deep voice, like a chihuahua in a /deep voice.    Just doesn't work</span>
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">15:50:12 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet_</span> <span class="ac">slaps suseROCKs</span>
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">15:50:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">15:50:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> alrighty let's talk about artwork needs then
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">15:50:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> so about conference marketing
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">15:50:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> why I am only talking serious when other joke?
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">15:50:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> I believe we have a plan somewhere :D
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">15:50:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> under your chair jospoortvliet_
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">15:50:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> found it?
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">15:51:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">15:51:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   that rwx3 image used on the news.o.o.  That's not our final logo, is it?
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">15:52:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> what about the poster Etern4l and Ragecryx made?
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">15:52:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> we're setting up a opensuse-conference mailing list and will announce it once it's up. Please subscribe to the list and help us. That list will be used to organize everygthing besides the call for papers which has its own list.
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">15:52:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I made that quickly out of the poster design by robert
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">15:53:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> BTW AJaeger I need you for a while after the meeting
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">15:53:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> I like that one too, I think we should let ppl choose.
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">15:53:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh that reminds me AJaeger....  did we collect any registration data from last year?   Can we send a blast to past registrants announcing the conference directly?
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">15:53:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> the thingies we send out should have a few, btw
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">15:53:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> I might not be able directly afterwards but let's try...
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">15:53:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I want you to tell me so that I print some soon
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">15:53:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span>  ok
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">15:53:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> anyway
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">15:54:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I need some printed for next weekend
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">15:54:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> last year we had a marketing plan
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">15:54:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> let's ask dragotin about that, good idea.
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">15:54:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> I think it makes sense to re-use that
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">15:54:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> but I dunno where it is :D
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">15:54:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> does anyone have any clue?
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">15:54:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   you're kidding right?
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">15:54:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> I think it was on a pirate pad but not sure...
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">15:54:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> :D
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">15:54:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> if we can find it it'll save us brainstorm time...
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">15:54:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   we, the marketing team, was poised and ready to market for months but was told by an individual not necessary, and any marketing we did was done in the final weeks before conference.
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">15:55:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> was it on the wiki if so have a look at it wiki.opensuse.org/Portal:Conference
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">15:55:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I want to avoid that mad scramble as we did last year when the board had to step in and send invitations to project leaders in the weeks before and ask them to spread the word for us
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">15:55:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> I think we had an etherpad somewhere
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">15:55:19 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet_</span> <span class="ac">looks</span>
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">15:55:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I played with  wiki.opensuse.org/Portal:Conference so...
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">15:55:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> it might not be there anymore
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">15:55:44 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet_</span> <span class="ac">found it: http://piratepad.net/H9whQFD9wU</span>
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">15:55:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> Please do not delete any pages
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">15:55:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I do not
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">15:55:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   it's a "wiki"   its never "not there anymore  :-)
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">15:56:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeah I know
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">15:56:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> Add more to it, but do not change category tags too becomes difficult to track
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">15:56:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> nop, ok manugupt1
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">15:56:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that's not much o a planning outline tbh
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">15:56:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> thanks
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">15:57:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> just making those pages updated
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">15:57:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but for today, what I want are people committing to joining the promotion effort.
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">15:57:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> how?
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">15:57:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Don't want it to be a oneman operation again.   We're a TEAM dammit!  (raises fist in air)
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">15:57:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> well we could simply start with a few things. We can start writing articles for magazines which mention the openSUSE conference...
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">15:57:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> power to the peopleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">15:57:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> we did that last time, worked fine
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">15:57:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Let's make small tasks so that many can join...
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">15:57:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> the paper committee could let us know what talks are coming in :D
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">15:58:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> will have one of those ready by tommorow
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">15:58:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Oh I want to make a talk too
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">15:58:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,  yes.   and right now I'm more interested in making sure the human infrastructure is there.
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">15:58:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> get people positioned so we are not scrambling trying to find someone all the time
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">15:59:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> People might not sign up for the whole time from now on to September, let's account for that.
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">15:59:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet_:</span>  I need to talk about it with you about that
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">15:59:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   exactly
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">15:59:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> ping me at some point
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">16:00:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> after the meeting jospoortvliet_
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">16:00:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> does anyone notice that jospoortvliet_ has avoided RSVPing for the event on Facebook?  :-D
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">16:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   ok  how about you and I are both in charge of SocNet stuff?
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">16:01:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Now everybody is checking facebook, ;) let's get back on topic
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">16:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I would love to have somebody else take care of that but I can step in if needed
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">16:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> indeed
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">16:02:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> so again, what can we do NOW, concrete, to spread the word on the conference
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">16:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I would like more details on how to write a series of articles about oSC
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">16:02:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> my idea is to write articles for magazines
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">16:02:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> if we can get them out on paper, that'd be awesome
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">16:03:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,  as we were discussing before you finally arrived, we were focusing on the SocNet stuff so we get things posted properly
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">16:03:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am working on that jospoortvliet_
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">16:03:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> ok, let me give an example. Greg will of course do an update on tumbleweed
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">16:03:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so far we have Facebook only.  We need to set up on LinkedIn and other sites
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">16:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet_:</span> Will you or shall I contact LinuxMagazine for media partnership again?
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">16:03:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> ok let's table the articles thing for now and talk about social media first...
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">16:03:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> I will
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">16:03:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> jospoortvliet_ I have a question
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">16:03:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> let's keep on topic
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">16:03:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  wants to talk about social media
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">16:03:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span>  you can send something to the Greek contact too
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">16:03:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> pls wait, keep on topic
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">16:03:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> you can send something to the Greek contacts too
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">16:03:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> u2 :D
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">16:03:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">jospoortvliet_ to reach out to LinuxMagazin for media partnership</span>
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">16:04:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> ok..
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">16:04:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I will really soon
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">16:04:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> what exactly was/is the q on social media which we need to figure out now?
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">16:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> We informed already all our press contacts
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">16:04:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,  In the area of SocNet, we need to make sure we have event pages set up on the various sites.
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">16:04:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> OK, good point
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">16:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We need to make sure that non-English SocNet sites are also in the gameplan
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">16:04:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> you did facebook, yes?
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">16:05:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> could you set up an event page for oSC?
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">16:05:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we need to make sure someone gets involved in making sure we manage it
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">16:05:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> again good point...
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">16:05:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet_:</span> suseROCKs did already
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">16:05:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> ok :D
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">16:05:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wake up jospoortvliet_   :-D
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">16:05:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> Let me make one on connect NOW :D
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">16:05:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">jospoortvliet_ add events page to connect.o.o</span>
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">16:05:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I would like more details on how to write a series of articles about oSC
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">16:06:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,    let me be honest with you...
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">16:06:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> You overthink!
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">16:06:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> with what I have I can write only one article
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">16:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> let's talk about that once we're done on the social media thing
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">16:06:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> just write!  :-D
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">16:06:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> well I would focus on that first one then :D
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">16:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">16:06:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> and make sure we have eng and greek version
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">16:06:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">warlordfff .... just write!  :-D</span>
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">16:07:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I want to do nice work,that's all
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">16:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Did we announce on Forums yet?
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">16:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">16:07:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> everything published on news.o.o should be on forums automatically
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">16:07:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,  FYI  None of us write nicely.  We all share and ask each other the opinion on what we wrote and polish it up
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">16:08:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok AJaeger
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">16:08:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so we have FB, LinkedIn, Connect,   where else can we do event page?
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">16:08:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> What is the date of the conference
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">16:08:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 11 september to 14 September
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">16:09:03 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">thinks AJaeger was crazy to schedule it on 10th anniversary of 9/11</span>
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">16:09:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;altin&gt;</span> spam on twitter XD
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">16:09:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I could ask from our new China Ambassador to do something in a Socmedia in China that he told me is very popular
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">16:09:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Is the conference free
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">16:09:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Like for everyone
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">16:09:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">altin:</span>  you need to do that on Kosovo too dude ;-)
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">16:09:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> we think about asking 10 euro or something
<a name="l-413"></a><span class="tm">16:09:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,  we've been talking about that.  We might ask for a very low fee like 10 euros or something
<a name="l-414"></a><span class="tm">16:09:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-415"></a><span class="tm">16:09:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet_:</span> I am serious about that
<a name="l-416"></a><span class="tm">16:10:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I am making an event
<a name="l-417"></a><span class="tm">16:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> serious about what?
<a name="l-418"></a><span class="tm">16:10:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> About the fee
<a name="l-419"></a><span class="tm">16:10:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we gave you a serious answer
<a name="l-420"></a><span class="tm">16:10:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. I saw the hehe and got confused
<a name="l-421"></a><span class="tm">16:11:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> fee for what?
<a name="l-422"></a><span class="tm">16:11:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that's cuz he saw a mirror of himself  :-)
<a name="l-423"></a><span class="tm">16:11:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   registration fee
<a name="l-424"></a><span class="tm">16:11:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> for oSC?
<a name="l-425"></a><span class="tm">16:11:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no... for Apple Conference
<a name="l-426"></a><span class="tm">16:11:44 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">shakes his head</span>
<a name="l-427"></a><span class="tm">16:11:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> ok let's get back on topic
<a name="l-428"></a><span class="tm">16:11:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> darn the off-topic talk
<a name="l-429"></a><span class="tm">16:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I dissagree for all that counts
<a name="l-430"></a><span class="tm">16:11:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> we were talking aobut social media
<a name="l-431"></a><span class="tm">16:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> we just ask a small fee to not have too many bogus registrations that screw up our planning
<a name="l-432"></a><span class="tm">16:12:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> it's little money so shouldn't be an issue
<a name="l-433"></a><span class="tm">16:12:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> anyway social media
<a name="l-434"></a><span class="tm">16:12:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok what's evident from what I'm hearing is we don't have a clear map of our social networking strategy on this team and that's something we're going to have to work on soon
<a name="l-435"></a><span class="tm">16:12:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> so what does the plan has
<a name="l-436"></a><span class="tm">16:13:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> have
<a name="l-437"></a><span class="tm">16:13:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> One thing would be graphics
<a name="l-438"></a><span class="tm">16:13:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> we need stuff for on our blogs etc
<a name="l-439"></a><span class="tm">16:13:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,  that was my next question above
<a name="l-440"></a><span class="tm">16:13:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> a "oSC" countdown
<a name="l-441"></a><span class="tm">16:13:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we need banners stat!
<a name="l-442"></a><span class="tm">16:13:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> ok :D
<a name="l-443"></a><span class="tm">16:13:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we need a banner definatelly
<a name="l-444"></a><span class="tm">16:13:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet_:</span> remember charging &lt;any&gt; fee immediately requires massive overhead
<a name="l-445"></a><span class="tm">16:14:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span> Indeed- and that might be the reason why we will decide against it ;)
<a name="l-446"></a><span class="tm">16:14:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony__:</span>  +1
<a name="l-447"></a><span class="tm">16:14:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so javier   are you available?  Can you lead the artwork team in determining where to go from here on artwork?
<a name="l-448"></a><span class="tm">16:14:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we need  banners, we need formal logo, we need posters, we need countdown
<a name="l-449"></a><span class="tm">16:15:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">ping yaloki to set up countdown with oSC material</span>
<a name="l-450"></a><span class="tm">16:15:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> jospoortvliet_  try out doattend.com for event registrations
<a name="l-451"></a><span class="tm">16:15:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   stop... this is not the conf organization meeting.  We have a team already for that and they're working on the software
<a name="l-452"></a><span class="tm">16:15:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I am already on a draft event
<a name="l-453"></a><span class="tm">16:15:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> let's not go outside of our marketing boundaries here.
<a name="l-454"></a><span class="tm">16:15:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok..
<a name="l-455"></a><span class="tm">16:15:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Who owns the AI?
<a name="l-456"></a><span class="tm">16:16:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,  me
<a name="l-457"></a><span class="tm">16:16:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> AI?
<a name="l-458"></a><span class="tm">16:16:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> ok let's try to move on to writing, if that's OK, I need to leave in 20 min...
<a name="l-459"></a><span class="tm">16:16:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> action item
<a name="l-460"></a><span class="tm">16:16:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Better state it in the action next time
<a name="l-461"></a><span class="tm">16:16:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> or really yaloki  but that was implied int he ping which he'll read soon
<a name="l-462"></a><span class="tm">16:16:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;altin&gt;</span> anyone writing these ?
<a name="l-463"></a><span class="tm">16:16:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> ok to move on to writing
<a name="l-464"></a><span class="tm">16:16:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs  to discuss artwork needs with artwork team and get that squared away</span>
<a name="l-465"></a><span class="tm">16:17:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,  go ahead
<a name="l-466"></a><span class="tm">16:17:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-467"></a><span class="tm">16:17:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> so warlordfff asked for subjects, if I get it
<a name="l-468"></a><span class="tm">16:17:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeahhh
<a name="l-469"></a><span class="tm">16:17:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> I think those should come from the conf schedule
<a name="l-470"></a><span class="tm">16:17:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> and I can provide those easily
<a name="l-471"></a><span class="tm">16:17:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> How about this:
<a name="l-472"></a><span class="tm">16:17:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> I will kickstart articles regularly by writing a skeleton
<a name="l-473"></a><span class="tm">16:17:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> someone who is interested can pick it up and finish it
<a name="l-474"></a><span class="tm">16:18:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> we, as in that person and me, then find out what magazine it would fit in best and offer it to them
<a name="l-475"></a><span class="tm">16:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;altin&gt;</span> suseROCKs, despite posters also flayers could do the job well...
<a name="l-476"></a><span class="tm">16:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet_:</span> Add an interview with the people at zentrifuge about what they normally do there...
<a name="l-477"></a><span class="tm">16:18:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok as long as you ping me about them
<a name="l-478"></a><span class="tm">16:18:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-479"></a><span class="tm">16:18:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> I will send skeleton articles to -marketing and ask someone to pick them up and finish them
<a name="l-480"></a><span class="tm">16:18:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-481"></a><span class="tm">16:18:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> yes, that makes sense. It'd be most nice to do that in person, I'm just not sure if I'll be in NUE soon
<a name="l-482"></a><span class="tm">16:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span>  I could propably write an interview
<a name="l-483"></a><span class="tm">16:19:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> need to figure that out :D
<a name="l-484"></a><span class="tm">16:19:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> ok it's yours :D
<a name="l-485"></a><span class="tm">16:19:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> if you give warlordfff the contact of them
<a name="l-486"></a><span class="tm">16:19:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">jospoortvliet_ to write skeleton articles to -marketing and ask someone to pick them up and finish them</span>
<a name="l-487"></a><span class="tm">16:19:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-488"></a><span class="tm">16:19:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> try to focus on the cool location, art &amp; music etc :D
<a name="l-489"></a><span class="tm">16:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> let's do it together...
<a name="l-490"></a><span class="tm">16:19:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-491"></a><span class="tm">16:19:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I would also ask that everyone please blog soon about the conference
<a name="l-492"></a><span class="tm">16:19:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">warlordfff and AJaeger interview about Zentrifuge</span>
<a name="l-493"></a><span class="tm">16:20:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> speaking of music, do I have to do my Thriller dance?  :-)
<a name="l-494"></a><span class="tm">16:20:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Or do we not want to scare people away?
<a name="l-495"></a><span class="tm">16:20:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Yes, at the party.
<a name="l-496"></a><span class="tm">16:21:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   I do have a Geeko costume now FYI  :-D
<a name="l-497"></a><span class="tm">16:21:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Fyi I will be at Nuremberg at september 10 so If i can help on anything just tell me
<a name="l-498"></a><span class="tm">16:21:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> along with the other Greeks
<a name="l-499"></a><span class="tm">16:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> Good, thanks!
<a name="l-500"></a><span class="tm">16:22:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-501"></a><span class="tm">16:22:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> so that's on the writing
<a name="l-502"></a><span class="tm">16:22:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> I will initiate things
<a name="l-503"></a><span class="tm">16:22:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> no problem :D
<a name="l-504"></a><span class="tm">16:22:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> right now there is not that much more we can do
<a name="l-505"></a><span class="tm">16:22:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> although AJaeger I think we should print some oSC posters and add them to shipments
<a name="l-506"></a><span class="tm">16:22:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> robert can probably do that?
<a name="l-507"></a><span class="tm">16:23:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> would be helpful to get ppl to know about oSC :D
<a name="l-508"></a><span class="tm">16:23:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet_:</span> I just printed some on our printer and added them to last weeks shipment already ;)
<a name="l-509"></a><span class="tm">16:23:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> awesome :D
<a name="l-510"></a><span class="tm">16:23:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> and another thing done :D
<a name="l-511"></a><span class="tm">16:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we have posters for oSC?
<a name="l-512"></a><span class="tm">16:23:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet_:</span> But once we have a final poster, we could do it professionally.
<a name="l-513"></a><span class="tm">16:23:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> sure see ML, one by robert and one by greek ppl
<a name="l-514"></a><span class="tm">16:23:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> so even two
<a name="l-515"></a><span class="tm">16:23:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> A first version - we needed that for Linux Tag.
<a name="l-516"></a><span class="tm">16:23:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-517"></a><span class="tm">16:24:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> I like the one robert made quite a bit, it's geeky but nice
<a name="l-518"></a><span class="tm">16:24:20 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">needs to take care of his family now for some minutes...</span>
<a name="l-519"></a><span class="tm">16:24:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> alrighty  I think at this point we're all talked out.
<a name="l-520"></a><span class="tm">16:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I propose that in this week I sit down and review and set a firmer marketing plan and list as many small jobs as possible
<a name="l-521"></a><span class="tm">16:24:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and post it.
<a name="l-522"></a><span class="tm">16:25:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> And I propose we have frequent meetings to keep on top of conference promotion
<a name="l-523"></a><span class="tm">16:25:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Where? Surely not on your public blog
<a name="l-524"></a><span class="tm">16:25:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we have such little time
<a name="l-525"></a><span class="tm">16:25:23 </span><span class="nka">* javier</span> <span class="ac">scrolls up a bit</span>
<a name="l-526"></a><span class="tm">16:25:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,  It will be posted on ML and on wiki
<a name="l-527"></a><span class="tm">16:25:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> you mean helping spreading the word about oSC in non-English languages?
<a name="l-528"></a><span class="tm">16:26:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-529"></a><span class="tm">16:26:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> What is needed artwork-wise?
<a name="l-530"></a><span class="tm">16:26:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-531"></a><span class="tm">16:26:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I'm going to send you an important email after IRC
<a name="l-532"></a><span class="tm">16:26:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> does everyone agree with the proposed plan?  so we can wrap up?
<a name="l-533"></a><span class="tm">16:26:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony__,  ok
<a name="l-534"></a><span class="tm">16:26:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> javier,   basically I need someone from artwork team to make sure we are on top of things with all things artwork related
<a name="l-535"></a><span class="tm">16:26:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> e.g.  banners, countdown, posters, logo, etc.
<a name="l-536"></a><span class="tm">16:27:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> javier,  can you lead it?
<a name="l-537"></a><span class="tm">16:27:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> ok, I'll talk with Robert about that
<a name="l-538"></a><span class="tm">16:27:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thanks!
<a name="l-539"></a><span class="tm">16:27:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">javier and rlihm to discuss artwork needs and organization for openSUSE Conference</span>
<a name="l-540"></a><span class="tm">16:27:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anything else before we wrap up, folks?
<a name="l-541"></a><span class="tm">16:28:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> about the oSC?
<a name="l-542"></a><span class="tm">16:28:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-543"></a><span class="tm">16:28:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> That's the topic  :-D
<a name="l-544"></a><span class="tm">16:28:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am ok
<a name="l-545"></a><span class="tm">16:28:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> alrighty then....
<a name="l-546"></a><span class="tm">16:29:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs to draft outline of oSC promotion planning for marketing team and post it by end of week (sooner preferably)</span>
<a name="l-547"></a><span class="tm">16:29:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> javier,   though I don't know if we will have budget for it, also add one more item to your list...  tshirt design
<a name="l-548"></a><span class="tm">16:29:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I guess we can wrap up now...  Thanks everyone!
<a name="l-549"></a><span class="tm">16:30:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony__&gt;</span> See all next month
<a name="l-550"></a><span class="tm">16:30:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Again please, everyone visit the FB page ASAP and add as many invitees as you can!  http://www.facebook.com/event.php?eid=202207046487042#!/event.php?eid=202207046487042
<a name="l-551"></a><span class="tm">16:30:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thanks everyone!
<a name="l-552"></a><span class="tm">16:30:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
