<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-marketing log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">16:02:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing Team General Meeting 22-March-2011</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">16:02:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Mar 22 16:02:09 2011 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">16:02:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">16:02:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">AJaeger suseROCKs jospoortvliet</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">16:02:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AJaeger jospoortvliet suseROCKs
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">16:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Add jos and myself as #chair, otherwise we have no way to take over
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">16:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Thanks suseROCKs, that was fast - you seem to be fine ;)
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">16:02:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,  you need to type a bit faster  :-D
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">16:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so meeting begins now and here is the agenda
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">16:03:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. Opening Comments (5 mins)
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">16:03:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. Time Change for next meeting
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">16:03:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. Distribution of DVDs
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">16:03:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. Country Coordinators
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">16:03:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. LUG List
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">16:03:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3. Focus meetings/discussions
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">16:03:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. Ambassadors Team
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">16:03:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. News Team
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">16:03:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 4. Call for Testers Campaign
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">16:03:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 5. Upcoming Events
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">16:03:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. LFNW
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">16:03:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. OSCON
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">16:03:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3. Others
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">16:03:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 6. To Merge Mailing Lists or not Merge
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">16:03:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 7. Collaboration Days
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">16:03:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. What's left that we didn't finish?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">16:03:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. Should we set up quarterly Collaboration Days?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">16:03:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3. Action Items on Agenda Page need cleanup
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">16:03:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 8. Miscellaneous and Q&amp;A
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">16:04:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. Can't attend the meeting? Enter your questions/comments here.
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">16:04:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing  General Meeting | Opening Comments</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">16:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok folks, so we've been doing a monthly meeting for the past few months on thrid tuesday of every month at 16:00 UTC
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">16:04:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think it is working well because then we use other weeks to call for specifically-focused meetings (when needed)
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">16:05:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but we are coming up on time changes for many across the globe.   Should we stick with 16:00 UTC for next meeting or change it to 15:00 UTC?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">16:05:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 15:00 means the hour will remain the same for most of us next month
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">16:05:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">16:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> oh ok
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">16:06:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   You are going to spring ahead one hour this Sunday
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">16:06:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">16:06:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;liquidsky42&gt;</span> For me that would not make any difference. So okay.
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">16:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> fine with me
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">16:06:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so if we keep it at 16:00 then for example in Greece where meeting is normally at 7 p.m., it will become 8 p.m. (I think?)
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">16:07:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> anyway I keep looking at UTC time so ok
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">16:07:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> and I believe is ok
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">16:07:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agree</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">16:07:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> alrighty let's change to 1500 then for next meetings until time change again in end of year.
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">16:08:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs to change regular general meeting to 15:00 to compensate for DST</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">16:08:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agree</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">16:08:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team General Meeting |  DVD Distribution</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">16:08:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   I'm going to let you lead on this topic to cover any bases and I have a proposal to add to it
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">16:09:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Let me just give a few general comments on DVD sending - and then I go into the specifics.
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">16:09:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> We have created 30000 openSUSE 11.4 PromoDVDs and I received 22500 of those today and 7500 are on its way to the US.
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">16:09:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> YAY
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">16:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">16:09:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> \o/
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">16:09:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ain't it awesome :D
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">16:09:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> We gave out already the first ones at the Chemnitz Linux Event last weekend!
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">16:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I have 2 major events
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">16:10:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hold on warlordfff   :-)
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">16:10:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">16:10:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Thanks to Tom from the boosters, I have now a website that can be used for ordering of DVDs so that my life gets a bit easier ;)
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">16:10:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Link?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">16:11:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> The website is up and live and I've asked those in my queue that wanted 11.4s to use the website - they're my first guinea pigs ;)
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">16:11:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> yay
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">16:11:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> are old requests being processed, or do they need to be re-requested?
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">16:11:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> If you have an urgent need, tell me and I reply with the website.
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">16:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> Rerequested.
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">16:11:51 </span><span class="nka">* bear454</span> <span class="ac">requested for LFNW a month or so ago</span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">16:12:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> We jave an event at 8 of April
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">16:12:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> We have an event at 8 of April
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">16:12:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Mmh, if you did not get today an email from me, then I did not find your request - might stumble again over it.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">16:12:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> so request DVD's via the website :D
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">16:12:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">16:12:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> What's the website link?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">16:12:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> today
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">16:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> so can ppl ask for other stuff, and how does that work - eg if they describe a big event, do you add t-shirts and such?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">16:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I'm going to tell it the next days on the ambassador mailing list and will do a posting on news.opensuse.org
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">16:13:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">16:13:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I know I cannot handle everybody requesting them at the same time - and therefore I want to prioritize a bit based on urgent needs.
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">16:13:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Posting it here, would be too widespread.
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">16:14:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> But ask me privately via email or IM.
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">16:14:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and are we specifying the minimum people should request?  For example, we only ship whole boxes 9which comes to 100)  right?
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">16:14:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I ship only multiplies of 100.
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">16:14:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> the website has a form to ask for additional items.
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">16:14:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> +1
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">16:14:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so if you know the event only has 20 people coming, what's your decision on those?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">16:15:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> A friendly: Sorry, I cannot handle this.
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">16:15:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">16:15:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> But here's the thing I wanted to discuss and started discussing with the ambassadors:
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">16:15:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> those should come from local distributors, I thought
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">16:15:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Friendliness is a built-in trait of AJaeger</span>
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">16:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I can send a few ambassadors a larger number of DVDs that they can then distribute locally.
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">16:15:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> question - should we make ppl create an event page on the wiki (in the ambassador-events page)?
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">16:15:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bear454,   assuming a local distributor exists
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">16:15:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Sankar P is doing something like that for India has he explained.
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">16:15:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> that filters out some stuff and allows ppl more easily to find out if there are events in their area...
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">16:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> And if somebody likes to volunteer for other regions, I'm happy to point those asking for 20 to them...
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">16:16:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I can do that for Greece
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">16:16:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Sounds good
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">16:17:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Did you get into specifics already in this topic or is there more?
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">16:17:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Btw. After the last news story, I got a lot odd requests and could not answer each and every one - 200+ requests in a few days.
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">16:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> So, I missed to answer some emails ;-(
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">16:17:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> The question is how to handle this.
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">16:17:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   think we can review those requesters and see if there's a potential goldmine of cultivating new ambassadors and regions?
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">16:17:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> Thanks for the offer!
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">16:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> that's one reason why I propose to raise the barrier a bit and demand a event page on the wiki
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">16:18:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> if its urgent can I send you a private mail also?
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">16:18:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Ambassadors_events
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">16:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> AJaeger, the 7500 you sent to the US.  To Provo?  Is Provo going to be a "local distributor"?
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">16:18:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   that's assuming it is a "promoter" at an event.  What about a request coming from an event itself saying "we'd like to distribute x DVDs at our event"    They wouldn't want overhead
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">16:19:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Yes to Provo to distribute from there in 100s
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">16:19:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> Right now, I just ship out if the description looks fine - verifying is too lengthy.
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">16:19:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   I would see it as Provo being a top-level distributor.  But then there's another level below it for actual ambassadors who would distribute in their particular regions
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">16:19:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> But if somebody likes to help and verify stuff, we can add that in the process...
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">16:19:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> AJaeger - Do you have someone that will track those, or are you working directly with shipping?
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">16:19:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span>  if its urgent can I send you a private mail also?
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">16:19:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> A nice MLM pyramid scheme  :-D
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">16:20:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> except FREE
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">16:20:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> Request on the website and remind me via email.
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">16:20:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   the more we ask to circumvent stuff, the more AJaeger becomes bogged in his work.  let's try to keep it simple
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">16:20:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> suseROCKs it's not really about verifying per-se, just making sure they have an event page etc. Imho such event pages should be easy to make in connect anyway, we can do this later
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">16:20:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> I cannot handle anything without the website anymore!
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">16:20:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> it's one way to get things a little bit more organized in that area
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">16:20:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and more effective
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">16:20:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">16:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   let's add that into the (whenever it is) upcoming Ambassador Program-focused meeting.   It's a good suggestion
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">16:21:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> If somebody drives this, I'm more than happy to ask Tom to add the field to the website as mandatory item.
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">16:21:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> But what about universities etc. ordering? Perhaps it should not be mandatory...
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">16:22:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Let's go back to the local distributors - like Sankar P and warlordfff.
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">16:22:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> or bear454
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">16:22:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> ok
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">16:22:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> How can we make those known? Should we have a specific wikisite listing them - or should I just keep a private record.
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">16:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> Excellent!
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">16:23:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> I work directly with shipping.
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">16:23:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,  I guess its kind of hard for us to tell on the outside here when you're th eone who sees actual requests and sees the diversity up front
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">16:23:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but the more info we have about events, the more we can helpl those events shout out about it.
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">16:24:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> The question here is more advertize widely that e.g. bear454 sends DVDs around and he might get swamped - or me just forwarding requests...
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">16:24:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> both
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">16:24:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> Yes, I can do both.
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">16:24:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> you can make a small not in the website
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">16:24:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> and just in case someone send a request you send this to me
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">16:24:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I love to have those event pages - but need a volunteer to get this started (documented)
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">16:25:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> you can make a small note in the website
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">16:25:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   well its tricky.    If someone sees there's a local distributor and bypasses the main request site to go directly to bear454 or psankar, then they get caught with a request for 200 DVDs (which is not cheap to ship)
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">16:25:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Exactly.
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">16:25:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Guys
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">16:25:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I have no problem saying "no - you need to order qty 100 from promodvds"
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">16:25:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> if someones  request 200 dvds I will get them myself
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">16:25:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I'm ordering 99  :-D
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">16:26:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ;-p
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">16:26:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> that's because you are a troublemaker
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">16:26:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but yes,  local distributors should recall to defer such requests
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">16:26:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> If a troublemaker orders, I will silently ignore it ;)
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">16:26:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I have a propotion
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">16:27:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> ˙ooʇ 'ǝןqnoɹʇ sɹǝʞɐɯǝןqnoɹʇ ǝsnɐɔ oʇ ʍoɥ ʍouʞ ı  :D
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">16:27:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so let's move ahead here.  Who wants to volunteer to be AJaeger's Assistant on coordinating information from DVD requests?
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">16:27:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> no forget it
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">16:28:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> me
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">16:28:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear:</span> WTF!!!
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">16:28:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> do you need someone local to assist?
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">16:28:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> volunterr
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">16:28:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Yes you can spread reagions or something
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">16:28:35 </span><span class="nka">* bear454</span> <span class="ac">volunteers as well</span>
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">16:28:43 </span><span class="nka">* warlordfff</span> <span class="ac">too</span>
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">16:28:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I will volunteer to help AJaeger
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">16:28:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> everybody wants to help AJaeger :D
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">16:29:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rtyler&gt;</span> I don't
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">16:29:08 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">ducks</span>
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">16:29:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well I think its more a question of what to do with the data AJaeger  has in front of him and asking someone to coordinate and ensure it is properly posted, etc.
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">16:29:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> warlordfff, bear454, AlanClark: Let's discuss offline a bit more how you can help here. Thanks a lot!
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">16:29:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">16:29:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">16:29:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> by private mail
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">16:29:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> Yes, private email.
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">16:29:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AJaeger warlordfff bear454 AlanClark to discuss offline a plan for coordinating data gained from DVD requests</span>
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">16:29:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> And also:
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">16:29:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> I will be waiting
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">16:30:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">the team to help improve DVD sending</span>
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">16:30:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We have 30,000 11.4 DVDs.  22,500 in NUE and 7,500 in Provo.  A public DVD request site will be published shortly</span>
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">16:30:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Next topic, please
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">16:30:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   Sub-topic of DVD distribution
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">16:31:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I've been thinking and wondering if it is worthwhile for us to gather a list of LUGs around the world and target ones that are large enough, but don't have ambassadors, and ask them if they are interested in receiving a shipment of DVDs
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">16:31:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> What other topics do we have here?
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">16:31:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> AJaegeri is the distribution site already built
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">16:31:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> For example, Silicon Valley LUG has 250 members attending monthly meetings, but we don't really have anyone representing us there.
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">16:31:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> The public call last month got answered by many LUGs - I got requests from events where we do not have ambassadors.
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">16:32:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we don't need to do a LUG reachout campaign then
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">16:32:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> can we make a big discution about all that
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">16:32:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">16:32:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> a seperate meeting
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">16:32:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,  sure,  why not add it into your offline discussion if there's anything worthwhile to discuss?
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">16:33:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I send you an e-mail a week ago
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">16:33:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok let's wrap up this topic and move on to next topic
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">16:33:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">16:33:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sent me?
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">16:33:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">16:33:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Just one further comment
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">16:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Another subtopic ;)
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">16:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> you AJaeger and jospoortvliet
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">16:33:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   send me a PM about that email and I'll look at it after meeting
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">16:33:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   go for it
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">16:33:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">16:33:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> tell em :D
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">16:34:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> we have a nice present...
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">16:34:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Novell also sponsors 5000 DVDs on the occasion of the GNOME 3.0 launch
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">16:34:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> can we have some?
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">16:34:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> which will be given to the GNOME Foundation to hand out at GNOME events
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">16:34:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Those will be GNOME 3.0 with upstream GNOME branding (and a tiny geeko)
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">16:34:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> so not for you, sorry ;-)
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">16:34:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> We will also do something similar with KDE - for KDE 4.6
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">16:34:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> whyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy?
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">16:34:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> thought 4.7?
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">16:34:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   go to a GNOME event  :-D
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">16:35:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> +1
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">16:35:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I will organise a party
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">16:35:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Distributing three different DVDs really does not scale on my event
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">16:35:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Distributing three different DVDs really does not scale on my side
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">16:35:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> And also having GNOME / KDE distribute it on their priorities etc. saves us some shipping and logistics ;)
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">16:35:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff would organize a party just cuz he saw a bird fly by   :-D
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">16:35:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> moreover, it doesn't make sense to have 3 different DVD's at events -- ppl will probably often grab all 3 of them and they barely use the one we give them :D
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">16:35:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> for small volume, I'm fine burning discs.
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">16:36:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> The PromoDVD contains GNOME and KDE Live CDs..
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">16:36:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">16:36:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> It was great to have the promo images available for my party on release day
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">16:36:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Just not the upstream branding ones.
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">16:36:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I want to give some to the Greek Gnome Comunity
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">16:36:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I like the idea of KDE and Gnome distributing those. Not us being the distributor
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">16:36:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> they should ask the GNOME Foundation to give them those
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">16:36:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   but GNOME Foundation will distribute it to them in their event kits
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">16:36:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> The Greek GNOME Community should get them from the GNOME foundation.
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">16:36:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">16:37:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> suseROCKs that was three times the same to warlordfff I hope he gets it now ;-)
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">16:37:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">16:37:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but they all are ubuntu users
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">16:37:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Sorry, this was just a FYI - so that you're not surprised to see these DVDs in the GNOME or KDE booth ;)
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">16:37:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> there will be some demand for GNOME3 discs at LFNW as well
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">16:37:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> let's not focus on logistics of the Live CDs.   They're taken care of and all we have to do here is cheer the great concept by AJaeger and jospoortvliet
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">16:37:27 </span><span class="nka">* bear454</span> <span class="ac">cheers</span>
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">16:37:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so they won't ask for them
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">16:37:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   no you're wrong.   but I'll explain why after this meeting
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">16:38:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> these DVD's will pretty much be the official GNOME 3 Live DVD's :D
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">16:38:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> let us hope so
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">16:38:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Ok, let's move on to the next (sub) topic
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">16:38:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> not hope... its definite
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">16:38:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I will tell thm
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">16:38:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok there's another subtopic on this??
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">16:39:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I guess not, so new topic!
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">16:39:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info  </span><span class="cmdline">GNOME and KDE Live CD's will be shipped to the respective foundation when GNOME 3 and KDE 4.7 (or is it 4.6?) are ready</span>
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">16:40:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> 4.6
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">16:40:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> don't tell them anything
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">16:40:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> don't really
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">16:40:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span>  ok
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">16:40:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting | Focus meetings</span>
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">16:40:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> they won't kjnow the DVD's are from openSUSE until they have them and they'll be happy UNLESS you gloat about it
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">16:40:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> so don't
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">16:40:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">16:40:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">16:40:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok this is going to be a brief topic.   Last week we had post-mortem 11.4 compaign
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">16:41:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we agreed that we should have focused meetings.  Particularly to have an Ambassador meeting and News Team meeting to discuss how to improve things
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">16:41:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Can we move forward now and get those meetings planned please?
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">16:41:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Who will drive each meeting?
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">16:42:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that's what I'm hoping to hear here  :-D
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">16:42:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I did it once
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">16:42:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We identified the need, now we need to identify the whip-cracker  :-D
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">16:42:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so for the ambassadors if you want I am in
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">16:42:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   when did we have an ambassador program analysis meeting?
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">16:42:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> I second you
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">16:43:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  I meant he collaboration day
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">16:43:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   ok   then let me explain more...
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">16:43:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">16:43:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> there is a need to assess if our program works well and what to fine-tune.   Some things we feel are too much work, and other things, not enough.   We need to figure out a way to streamline and boost more ambassador signups and more information flow
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">16:44:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I have made some private work on it
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">16:44:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Some, myself included, feel that it has become somewhat bureaucratic
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">16:44:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> If / when a web portal can be setup for ambassadors it's a common way to create a repository of info for members
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">16:44:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> and I have a few Ideas I would like to discuss
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">16:44:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well that's great.   but this is an open community.  have open discussions so we can all hear fresh ideas
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">16:45:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">16:45:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and bear454   how about you?   Would you like to organize a news team meeting?
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">16:45:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> warlordfff I'd like to help for the ambassador meeting
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">16:45:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> as you know I have some ideas too :D
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">16:45:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yes I would like that too jospoortvliet
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">16:46:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   sure  but just try to make those ideas relevant this time, alrighty?  :-D
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">16:46:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we must talk
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">16:46:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">16:46:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'll definitely be around to provide my observations (unless I have a time conflict for that meeting)
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">16:46:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,    just an FYI,  the main attendees of such a meeting are the people who organize and manage the ambassador program,  not every ambassador in the world.
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">16:47:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> who are that people?
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">16:47:09 </span><span class="nka">* bear454</span> <span class="ac">sits quietly</span>
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">16:47:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   well you, Carlos, manu, AJaeger, jospoortvliet and Chuck come to mind
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">16:47:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and since bear454  offers no opposition, he accepts the task of calling a news team meeting
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">16:48:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">16:48:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> good grief, fine
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">16:48:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">16:48:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I propose that each of these "nodes" become its own self-contained operation, with its own RSS feed, repository of info, whatever
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">16:48:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> let me tell an idea
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">16:48:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I will open a post to the ambassadors list
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">16:48:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony_,   well technically they already are.  But problem up to now is not enough hands to manage and so the work ends up ebbing back to marketing team.  I'd like to see good self-sufficient self management.  And we're getting there.
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">16:48:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> and lets talk about it
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">16:49:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> what do you think about it?
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">16:49:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   sure  that's one way to do it.   A per-topic "email" meeting
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">16:49:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> whatever you think works best
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">16:50:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">16:50:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and since jospoortvliet has been complaining that he doesn't get enough email, he'll love this idea
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">16:50:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> give me a couple of days
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">16:50:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">16:50:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">16:50:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> yes discussing per mail is fine
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">16:50:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">16:50:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> For success, IMO req a strong leader, maybe assistants to fill out team, a &lt;specific web portal&gt; for that group. Is that true for DVD dist, news, ambass, etc
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">16:51:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony_,   yes and no.   As mentioned in the past, many of the current players are new to the organiation.   So there's the expected stabilization period as people get  more familiar with how the overall project works and how to interact.   We're moving slowly but surely out of that stabilization period.  So there's some patience needed right now
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">16:52:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> since i am one of those, I agree
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">16:52:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> What I'm saying that there needs to be a standard set of tools already setup for each "team" - That must exist &lt;before&gt; you start attracting new people so that you keep everyone
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">16:52:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The current Welcome Committee for the Ambassadors is warlordfff carlos and manu.   They just started in November, and thus now's a good timie for them to reflect what worked and what didn't
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">16:52:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony_,   sure
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">16:52:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">16:53:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony_:</span>  has got a point too though
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">16:53:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but having the right tools means identifying what you need, and that's what you need to work on warlordfff
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">16:53:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok not so brief topic after all  :-D
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">16:53:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony_:</span> yup, for local teams, it'd be nice if connect could be used more. The greek and nl teams are using it, if it would offer mailinglist stuff too - it'd be pretty much perfect imho.
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">16:54:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok lets continiue this by email
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">16:54:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> Unless we want to continue to see churn you need to improve "push" communication channels, standard places to aggregate info to build community.
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">16:54:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> If tools are too ad hoc and disorganized, people get lost.
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">16:54:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">16:55:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well that's what we're trying to do.  We're more energetic than ever before, but at the same time, we're like a cracked egg and we need to take the time to sit back right now and figure out what works and what doesn't and what we can add to improve
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">16:55:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> The "right" tools should mean mainly usability, should not be so specialized you can't cookie cutter for new teams
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">16:55:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am not typing too fast to talk about it in an IRC Channel
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">16:55:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony_,   agreed
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">16:55:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ;-(
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">16:55:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but as all teams come together with their needs, we can have a better general overview of common needs across the board
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">16:56:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> you have a starting point and find your ools in the way
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">16:56:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> you have a starting point and find your tools in the way
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">16:56:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I liked "ools"   :-D
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">16:56:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> what we need is a clean starting pooint
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">16:56:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> for ambassador Program
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">16:56:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  we're an hour into the meeting already so let's cover more topics
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">16:57:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and warlordfff you'll come back to us with your info, alrighty?
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">16:57:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yes by e-mail on the ambassador ML
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">16:57:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">warlordfff to organize Ambassador review,  bear454 to organize news team review</span>
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">16:57:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but in 2-3days
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">16:57:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> to have it complete
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">16:57:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I run local events nowdays
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">16:58:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok should we cover this next topic  "Campain for testers" or move to next topic which is "upcoming events"?
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">16:59:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ankso&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> what do you mean with the Testing word? can you explain it?
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">16:59:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> I find "campaign for tester" interesting and odd. See crossover and maybe synergy to participants in Beta testing Technical Help Forum
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">16:59:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> let's briefly cover that topic so people know what it is about
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">16:59:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony_,  that's pretty much it.   Now that 11.4 is out, we need to focus on how to boost the number of testers for the next release
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">16:59:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> it was a topic covered in the post-mortem meeting.    We always have not enough testers and find more problems after a release
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">17:00:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we've never really campaigned to gain more testers
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">17:00:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so we will find some ;-)
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">17:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> Yes need many more testers but the psyche is offbeat, willing to have an unstable system.
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">17:00:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> this includes creating good documentation about how you can be a tester.  (For example, how to use vbox which makes testing much easier nowadays than 2 years ago)
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">17:00:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony_:</span> You can test using kvm - and we could speak about that one as well
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">17:01:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> can someone make a hot to become a tester?
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">17:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> Also requires knowledge of either virtualization or multi-kernel multiboots or multi-container to do safely
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">17:01:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> can someone make a "how to become a tester"?
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">17:01:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> I prefer virtualbox ;)
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">17:01:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> Using KVM or any other virtualization software is great for testing basic functions and the installer..
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">17:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> but you really won't know what is broken until you start fully using the system.
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">17:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span>  +1
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">17:02:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so how about Dominian come up with a strategy and pages to help define what it takes to be a tester?
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">17:02:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> I will more than likely move to openSUSE Factory on my laptop for the next release.
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">17:02:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> if your CPU is virtualization-friendly, its quite usable
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">17:02:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Well, I think I just summed it up right there.
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">17:02:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> not on my laptop.. desktop yes
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">17:02:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sure but someone needs to create that documentation  :-)
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">17:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> After years of virtualization I'm going to start trying vmlinuz soon. Shared kernel, simlutaneous on hardware instead of virutlaized
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">17:02:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> using KVM to test basic functions is fine imho, but I'm not going to do my daily work out of a VM if I can avoid it :)
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">17:03:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Yes. Very much needed a guide to "safe" testing.
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">17:03:14 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">needs to leave now and waives good-bye</span>
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">17:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> later AJaeger
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">17:03:21 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">hugs AJaeger</span>
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">17:03:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> BB AJaeger
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">17:03:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> And, maybe also structured testing instead of haphazard ad hoc looking at anything/everything?
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">17:03:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> or tony_   perhaps you'd like to do the guide?
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">17:03:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> documentation eh? I thought we had a "how to be a tester" wiki entry somewhere
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">17:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span>  +1 and if tony_ can make something...
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">17:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Dominian,   ok if such doc exists, let's review it and see if it is reasonably complete and then let's make sure we shout to the world to see it and become a tester periodically
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">17:04:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> If I can overcome those darn wiki issues that aren't documented am willing to contribute, maybe even greatly
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">17:04:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I'm looking now..
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">17:04:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> or maybe you two work together on something
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">17:04:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Dominian,   tony_   Accept the challenge?
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">17:05:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> hrm
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">17:05:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> But are we saying that there is Nothing anywere in openSUSE that talks about testing? Odd it should become a marketing task
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">17:05:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> looking at my schedule right now to see if I can 'fit' documentation somewhere.
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">17:05:27 </span><span class="nka">* Dominian</span> <span class="ac">is extremely busy lately</span>
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">17:05:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony_,   its something we should work in collaboration with the factory guys, but we should be the ones to help get the word out
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">17:05:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> I can build initial for others to later contribute
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">17:06:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> Well, Portal:Factory reveals nothing about "how to test"
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">17:06:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> OK, you and I need to talk offline how to collab with "factory guys"
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">17:06:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> btw me gotta go, but if anyone here has time to look at the GSOC 2011 article on news.o.o and publish it once OK - PLEASE!
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">17:06:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> connect.o.o :P
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">17:06:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we want more testers earlier in the game, than later in the game (i.e. we get more testers in RC phase than in milestone phase)
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">17:06:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> will check up on the meeting later. love you all ;-)
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">17:07:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span>  I need a minute
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">17:07:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> It would be awesome to provide a one-click that installs virtualbox, and a current factory image
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">17:07:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   how much do you love us all?
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">17:07:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> brb.. bathroom break
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">17:07:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info  </span><span class="cmdline">jospoortvliet loves us all</span>
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">17:07:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agree</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">17:07:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> The current practice of "incremental testing" requires close co-op with Dev people
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">17:07:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok let's move quickly to remaining topics, and we can come back to Tony and Dominian to see if they want the task.
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">17:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm definitely sick today and trying to keep awake here  before I fall over and faint  :-)
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">17:08:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> later, will be back in about 90 min. but feel free to open a channel &amp; talk to me!
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">17:08:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> bye
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">17:08:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> love = infinite of course :D
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">17:08:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">17:08:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team General Meeting | Upcoming events</span>
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">17:09:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have OSCON in July and LFNW in April.   FYI, OSCON has CFP out with deadline for March 28.
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">17:09:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I will put out email to project and ambassador list about the CFP
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">17:09:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Are there other important events in the next 3 months we need to know about?
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">17:09:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">OSCON CFP ends March 28</span>
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">17:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">LFNW is April 30 and managed by bear454</span>
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">17:10:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Going once...
<a name="l-413"></a><span class="tm">17:10:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Going twice....
<a name="l-414"></a><span class="tm">17:10:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Three timeeeeess a laaaayday!
<a name="l-415"></a><span class="tm">17:10:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Sold to the next topic
<a name="l-416"></a><span class="tm">17:10:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team General Meeting | Collaboration Days</span>
<a name="l-417"></a><span class="tm">17:11:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  on this subject, I wanted to ask the team if we should have regular collaboration days
<a name="l-418"></a><span class="tm">17:11:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we had a awesome Collaboration Days in December, and I think if we plan one for either every other month or every quarter, we can get a lot more of the stuff done so we can focus more on actual campaigns and strategy
<a name="l-419"></a><span class="tm">17:12:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I vote one every 3 months
<a name="l-420"></a><span class="tm">17:12:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> or 2 months
<a name="l-421"></a><span class="tm">17:12:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff's votes get confusing  :-)
<a name="l-422"></a><span class="tm">17:12:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Do we have stuff that needs to be "collab" regularly or should be "as needed?
<a name="l-423"></a><span class="tm">17:13:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> hey wait!
<a name="l-424"></a><span class="tm">17:13:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony_,   Collaboration Days is like hackfest.   And we had a lot of stuff done in December when we ran 3 Days.  (one each week)  but of course more stuff needs to be done
<a name="l-425"></a><span class="tm">17:13:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> I have LFNW news
<a name="l-426"></a><span class="tm">17:13:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> LFNW?
<a name="l-427"></a><span class="tm">17:13:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and they cover stuff like  preparing materials for ambassadors,  reviewing our brochures, etc. etc.   All that nitty gritty stuff that holds us back when we should be spending more time focused on broader strategizing, etc.
<a name="l-428"></a><span class="tm">17:13:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I've picked up on what is done, but how regular is the need?
<a name="l-429"></a><span class="tm">17:13:47 </span><span class="nka">* bear454</span> <span class="ac">mumbles about how he goes pee and everything starts goign fast</span>
<a name="l-430"></a><span class="tm">17:14:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony_,   the idea I have in mind is that if we do this often enough we'll have so much done in a period of time that we'll only need collab days more rarely in the future.
<a name="l-431"></a><span class="tm">17:14:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> http://lfnw.org
<a name="l-432"></a><span class="tm">17:14:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> :) Like how the "paperless office" generates more paper
<a name="l-433"></a><span class="tm">17:14:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but if we do it too often, people get burned out too.   And its hard for eveyrone to commit regularly because unlike me,  they have lives.
<a name="l-434"></a><span class="tm">17:14:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  I believe we should talk about that in our next meeting
<a name="l-435"></a><span class="tm">17:15:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony_,   yup   LOL
<a name="l-436"></a><span class="tm">17:15:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I'm sure that stuff always needs to be done, "collab" prob means more manpower needed.
<a name="l-437"></a><span class="tm">17:15:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,    let's just agree today whether we want regular collab days or not.
<a name="l-438"></a><span class="tm">17:15:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> let us finish the ambssador program first,or at least have an idea
<a name="l-439"></a><span class="tm">17:15:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we can discuss specifics at a later time
<a name="l-440"></a><span class="tm">17:15:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   umm no.  Ambassador program is a separate thing.   Collab days pertains to marketing team
<a name="l-441"></a><span class="tm">17:15:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I think that those should not be regular
<a name="l-442"></a><span class="tm">17:16:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> we have a 10' booth @ LFNW.  A local openSUSE/SLE shop is donating $200, and LFNW is accepting a donation from t-shirt sales to cover the rest.
<a name="l-443"></a><span class="tm">17:16:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> you just said you think they should be regular, now not.  Make up your mind  :-D
<a name="l-444"></a><span class="tm">17:16:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bear454,   ok  we need to make sure we'll have tshirts then  :-D
<a name="l-445"></a><span class="tm">17:16:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> So I'm wondering if collab important now only to organize for a blip in needs or if this is a regular even if teams become stronger?
<a name="l-446"></a><span class="tm">17:17:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I thought it better
<a name="l-447"></a><span class="tm">17:17:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> We will be the *only* distro with a 10' booth @ LFNW
<a name="l-448"></a><span class="tm">17:17:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony_,   the problem we have in general is everyone says they'll do stuff but unless we have an actual event and tasks, people put off and things end up in oblivion
<a name="l-449"></a><span class="tm">17:17:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I thought it better suseROCKs
<a name="l-450"></a><span class="tm">17:17:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> collab days creates a motivation to focus one day completely on getting enough stuff done and out the door.
<a name="l-451"></a><span class="tm">17:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I propose Collab be only as a special "call to arms" based on unusual need and highly organized
<a name="l-452"></a><span class="tm">17:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> collab days ROCKS
<a name="l-453"></a><span class="tm">17:18:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony_,   ok so what do we do with the huge list of stuff we have left over from the last collab days?
<a name="l-454"></a><span class="tm">17:18:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony_:</span>  +1
<a name="l-455"></a><span class="tm">17:18:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> how do you determine if its a special need or a regular need?
<a name="l-456"></a><span class="tm">17:18:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Call to Arms! - I want to see a list posted somewhere we can check off
<a name="l-457"></a><span class="tm">17:18:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and how do we do this in a way so that a few handful of people don't end up with so many sleepless nights because others don't step up and spread the work?
<a name="l-458"></a><span class="tm">17:19:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> because that's what keeps happening around here.
<a name="l-459"></a><span class="tm">17:19:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  that is tha bad of free software  communities
<a name="l-460"></a><span class="tm">17:19:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and collab days does an awesome boost of promoting and visibility for the team.  We had amazing effect in December
<a name="l-461"></a><span class="tm">17:20:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Starts with Project Management to define, publish objectives everyone can see.
<a name="l-462"></a><span class="tm">17:20:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> you cannot actually make people work if they don't want too
<a name="l-463"></a><span class="tm">17:20:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   precisely.  So collab days is the remedy for it.  It has worked well for us and for many other projects.   These days are the benefits of free software communities.  It's well tested and proven
<a name="l-464"></a><span class="tm">17:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   who said anything about making people work
<a name="l-465"></a><span class="tm">17:20:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-466"></a><span class="tm">17:20:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the idea is to create a day that motivates people to want to show up
<a name="l-467"></a><span class="tm">17:20:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> You also need a Leader and people who don't mind being led (yes, people who don't mind being told what to do and being held to it'
<a name="l-468"></a><span class="tm">17:20:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> no you got me wrong
<a name="l-469"></a><span class="tm">17:20:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I said it wrong
<a name="l-470"></a><span class="tm">17:21:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> anyway
<a name="l-471"></a><span class="tm">17:21:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony_,   You're still not hearing me right.  Even with project management.... people don't show up to look for stuff.  If they hear about a special event, they will show up.   Look at how many people showed up in December
<a name="l-472"></a><span class="tm">17:21:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I believe I must think about it
<a name="l-473"></a><span class="tm">17:21:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> I understand FOSS can be different but Linux Torvalds did get this thing Linux built
<a name="l-474"></a><span class="tm">17:21:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I don't really have an answer about it now
<a name="l-475"></a><span class="tm">17:22:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> That's why I keep talking about proper tools.. Tools that can "push" info instead of depending on people coming around to check on what's up
<a name="l-476"></a><span class="tm">17:22:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony_,   ok so let's create project management and hope people will look and check off what to do.  even if they haven't done much checklisting in the past no matter how many times we've done that
<a name="l-477"></a><span class="tm">17:22:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I for one am so heavily subject to Information Overload I ignore stuff
<a name="l-478"></a><span class="tm">17:22:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and let's drop the awesome buzz that Collab Days has created for us in the past.
<a name="l-479"></a><span class="tm">17:22:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> That's why we as a marketing group has to sometimes be a "little" pushy. IMO
<a name="l-480"></a><span class="tm">17:23:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> noooo
<a name="l-481"></a><span class="tm">17:23:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> it is not black or white
<a name="l-482"></a><span class="tm">17:23:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> it is warlordfff     Tony is saying let's not do this except when as needed.  That's pretty black and white  even though we have a lot of work to do
<a name="l-483"></a><span class="tm">17:24:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> tony_ Checklisting does not work look at Jos he is pushy
<a name="l-484"></a><span class="tm">17:24:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> How many of us have helped him?
<a name="l-485"></a><span class="tm">17:24:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but point is this topic was to ask question of whether we want to schedule collab days on a regualar quarterly basis.  But the consensus is no, so we can drop this topic
<a name="l-486"></a><span class="tm">17:24:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> let us talk about it the next meeting
<a name="l-487"></a><span class="tm">17:24:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> look
<a name="l-488"></a><span class="tm">17:24:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> suseROCKs Collab days should be done
<a name="l-489"></a><span class="tm">17:24:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> give me a minute please
<a name="l-490"></a><span class="tm">17:24:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> please
<a name="l-491"></a><span class="tm">17:25:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> My last thought on Collab day. Can be regularly scheduled if we want regular "Call to Arms"
<a name="l-492"></a><span class="tm">17:25:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we MUST make collaboration days, but I don't think it should be arranged now
<a name="l-493"></a><span class="tm">17:25:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> tony_ Once in 4 months is Call to Arms as we will have OSC and then also our release
<a name="l-494"></a><span class="tm">17:26:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> guys
<a name="l-495"></a><span class="tm">17:26:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> Perfect. You know a big event is coming up so Collab is scheduled and organized
<a name="l-496"></a><span class="tm">17:26:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we confussed tings
<a name="l-497"></a><span class="tm">17:27:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Would like to discuss Collab with you offline after IRC
<a name="l-498"></a><span class="tm">17:27:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tony_:</span>  you should read about collab days more
<a name="l-499"></a><span class="tm">17:28:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> and what those offered to the coomunity
<a name="l-500"></a><span class="tm">17:28:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tony_,   ok  we can talk about it more,  I owe you a reply to your email as well
<a name="l-501"></a><span class="tm">17:28:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> Yes. I admit I have a very short perspective since I'm so new. I can only offer my insight into how management works in other places
<a name="l-502"></a><span class="tm">17:29:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so please don't dissagre with something you don't know
<a name="l-503"></a><span class="tm">17:29:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-504"></a><span class="tm">17:29:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok let's continue this discussion at the next meeting in April
<a name="l-505"></a><span class="tm">17:29:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> I'll take steps back. I'm not trying to push anything people say won't work
<a name="l-506"></a><span class="tm">17:30:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-507"></a><span class="tm">17:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so let's move on unless someone has additional statements on this topic
<a name="l-508"></a><span class="tm">17:31:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok no additional comments so next topic
<a name="l-509"></a><span class="tm">17:31:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team General Meeting | Miscellaneous and Q&amp;A</span>
<a name="l-510"></a><span class="tm">17:32:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anyone have anything for this topic?
<a name="l-511"></a><span class="tm">17:32:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-512"></a><span class="tm">17:32:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> except warlordfff?  :-D
<a name="l-513"></a><span class="tm">17:32:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> go ahead warlordfff
<a name="l-514"></a><span class="tm">17:32:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am finishing the marketing materials page
<a name="l-515"></a><span class="tm">17:32:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I need peoples presentations
<a name="l-516"></a><span class="tm">17:33:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I also need any kind of art material you have and you don't see there
<a name="l-517"></a><span class="tm">17:33:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'll be posting a giant presentation later this week that everyone can modify from to fit their event needs
<a name="l-518"></a><span class="tm">17:33:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> Which presentations, from SCALE, from Launch, which?
<a name="l-519"></a><span class="tm">17:33:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I would really like to have carlos her
<a name="l-520"></a><span class="tm">17:33:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> from everywhere
<a name="l-521"></a><span class="tm">17:33:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,  any artwork should be sent to our git repository
<a name="l-522"></a><span class="tm">17:34:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> We need to publish them all
<a name="l-523"></a><span class="tm">17:34:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and I believe Carlos is traveling home today.  He left US last night.
<a name="l-524"></a><span class="tm">17:34:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-525"></a><span class="tm">17:34:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but suseROCKs if you have any presentations or artwork material send it to me by e-mail
<a name="l-526"></a><span class="tm">17:34:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   you should send an email to -project asking folks there if they can submit their presentations too.   There's a lot of people outside of our marketing/ambassador teams that do presentations
<a name="l-527"></a><span class="tm">17:35:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> the materials are everywhere in the wiki, we must fix that
<a name="l-528"></a><span class="tm">17:35:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   again....  artwork should be sent to git repository.  If we keep sending via email to each other, we'll lose track just like we did before git was created
<a name="l-529"></a><span class="tm">17:35:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-530"></a><span class="tm">17:35:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> listen to omething
<a name="l-531"></a><span class="tm">17:35:42 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">listens to omething</span>
<a name="l-532"></a><span class="tm">17:36:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I link stuff from the Git  repo, so that people know about their xcistance
<a name="l-533"></a><span class="tm">17:36:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> like the 11.4 template for presentations
<a name="l-534"></a><span class="tm">17:36:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span>  told me to handle things like that
<a name="l-535"></a><span class="tm">17:37:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-536"></a><span class="tm">17:37:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so i follow that line
<a name="l-537"></a><span class="tm">17:37:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-538"></a><span class="tm">17:37:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> what I discovered is that we have great materials lost in the wiki
<a name="l-539"></a><span class="tm">17:38:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> me finished
<a name="l-540"></a><span class="tm">17:38:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> naturally
<a name="l-541"></a><span class="tm">17:38:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wiki is a beast
<a name="l-542"></a><span class="tm">17:38:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok thanks warlordfff
<a name="l-543"></a><span class="tm">17:38:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> lets make Wiki Extreme Makeover
<a name="l-544"></a><span class="tm">17:38:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anyone else have anything?
<a name="l-545"></a><span class="tm">17:38:53 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">puts lipstick on warlordfff</span>
<a name="l-546"></a><span class="tm">17:39:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I really got to go to the bathroom
<a name="l-547"></a><span class="tm">17:39:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so
<a name="l-548"></a><span class="tm">17:39:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think we can close the meeting now
<a name="l-549"></a><span class="tm">17:40:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thanks to all, and to all a good day!  :-D
<a name="l-550"></a><span class="tm">17:40:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tony_&gt;</span> Cool. Good talking to all again!
<a name="l-551"></a><span class="tm">17:40:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
