=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by hcderaad at 13:00:05 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2015/opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* First of all: A very happy 2015 everybody!  (hcderaad, 13:00:12)
* Agenda  (hcderaad, 13:00:30)
  * Location issues  (hcderaad, 13:00:31)
  * Talks registered  (hcderaad, 13:00:33)
  * Attendee registration  (hcderaad, 13:00:34)
  * FOSDEM and SCALE promotion  (hcderaad, 13:00:36)
  * Other points by participants  (hcderaad, 13:00:37)
  * Next meeting  (hcderaad, 13:00:39)

* Location  (hcderaad, 13:02:08)
  * The past weeks have been very busy for RobinEd and myself (hcderaad)
    because of a possible issue regarding the current venue (BINk36).
    (hcderaad, 13:02:10)
  * We have managed to secure an option on an alternative location in
    The Hague.  (hcderaad, 13:02:11)
  * The board has been informed about this and has a meeting today in
    which this will be discussed.  (hcderaad, 13:02:13)
  * This has resulted in a delay on some of the open issues in
    progress.opensuse.org  (hcderaad, 13:02:14)
  * At this moment not a lot can be said about this, the board needs to
    make a decision first.  (hcderaad, 13:02:16)

* Talks registered  (hcderaad, 13:14:30)
  * Good news! We already have some (7) talks proposed!  (hcderaad,
    13:14:31)
  * The program committee will consist of warlordfff (Kostas Koudaras),
    Douglas Demaio, Robin Edgar and myself (hcderaad).  (hcderaad,
    13:14:33)
  * We should rate these proposals asap and prepare an announcement
    about them, hcderaad will contact committee members by mail.
    (hcderaad, 13:14:34)
  * ACTION: hcderaad Make biweekly issue progress digests to the
    mailinglists.  (hcderaad, 13:35:55)
  * ACTION: ddemaio send mail to project mailinglists on public
    announcements  (hcderaad, 13:37:14)

* Attendee registration  (hcderaad, 13:39:08)
  * More good news! We already have approx 30 attendees!  (hcderaad,
    13:39:10)
  * We hope that once weâ€™ve started communicating more in the next few
    weeks this will increase!  (hcderaad, 13:39:11)

* FOSDEM and SCALE promotion  (hcderaad, 13:39:13)
  * Robert Schweikert made a request for promotion materials to the
    artwork team for these conferences.  (hcderaad, 13:39:14)
  * Anditosan responded with a couple of questions.  (hcderaad,
    13:39:16)
  * We are awaiting the board decision about the location before
    proceeding on this.  (hcderaad, 13:39:17)

* Other points by participants  (hcderaad, 13:50:25)

* Next meeting  (hcderaad, 13:54:04)
  * Because of the urgency regarding the current issues with regards to
    the location and the preparation for FOSDEM/SCALE we are increasing
    the frequency of the meetings.  (hcderaad, 13:54:05)
  * Reminder to self (hcderaad) about sending out earlier reminders
    about these meetings.  (hcderaad, 13:54:07)
  * The next IRC meetings will be Monday the 19th of January at 13h UTC
    and Tuesday the 27th of January at 13h UTC.  (hcderaad, 13:54:08)



Meeting ended at 14:00:20 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* ddemaio
  * ddemaio send mail to project mailinglists on public announcements
* hcderaad
  * hcderaad Make biweekly issue progress digests to the mailinglists.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* hcderaad (127)
* henne (34)
* robjo (28)
* ddemaio (7)
* bugbot (2)
* cboltz (1)
* coolo (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4