12:59:57 <RobinEd> #startmeeting
12:59:57 <bugbot> Meeting started Tue Feb 10 12:59:57 2015 UTC.  The chair is RobinEd. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
12:59:57 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:00:02 <RobinEd> hi all
13:00:16 <RobinEd> #topic Agenda
13:00:16 <RobinEd> #info Apologies
13:00:16 <RobinEd> #info FOSDEM
13:00:16 <RobinEd> #info Current status talks submitted
13:00:16 <RobinEd> #info Current status registration
13:00:17 <RobinEd> #info Hotels
13:00:19 <RobinEd> #info Sponsorship
13:00:21 <RobinEd> #info CfP deadline and TSP
13:00:23 <RobinEd> #info Other points by participants
13:00:28 <SFaulken> blargh.
13:00:34 <RobinEd> #topic Apologies
13:00:34 <RobinEd> #Info Hans de Raad sends his regrets due to work commitments. He may join later in the meeting, or maybe not.
13:00:39 <RobinEd> ready then? :)
13:00:53 <ddemaio_> ready
13:01:00 <RobinEd> #topic FOSDEM
13:01:00 <RobinEd> #info an email was sent to the mailing list with a lot of exciting new developments and speakers we have managed to interest in oSC15.
13:01:29 <RobinEd> plus it was good to meet some of you IRL :)
13:05:14 <RobinEd> #topic Current status talks submitted
13:05:15 <RobinEd> #info The counter is now at 47 submissions!
13:05:15 <RobinEd> #info not, however by unique speakers
13:05:15 <RobinEd> #info we are happy with this amount this early <pats self on back> but we need to keep working on getting more submissions.
13:06:05 <ddemaio_> Do we want to push back the deadline?
13:06:24 <ddemaio_> It's this Saturday.
13:06:38 <RobinEd> yes... we will get there at the agenda point for it
13:06:50 <robjo> What we have done in the past is create a "Dealine extended announcement" and added 2 weeks.
13:07:18 <robjo> However, we need to start accepting som eof the talks to inform speakers and start making noise about he program starting this weekend
13:07:32 <RobinEd> agreed
13:07:39 <RobinEd> there is a news post allready
13:07:58 <RobinEd> https://news.opensuse.org/2015/02/04/conference-in-the-hague-taking-shape/
13:10:08 <RobinEd> so if anyone has any ideas about speakers, please don't hesitate to point them to conference.opensuse.org :)
13:10:34 <RobinEd> We are trying to broaden the scope of the conference, so a wide range of talks is considered interesting
13:10:44 <RobinEd> as long as they are
13:10:46 <RobinEd> -technical
13:10:47 <RobinEd> -security
13:10:55 <RobinEd> -building community
13:11:07 <RobinEd> -open source
13:11:13 <RobinEd> -openSUSE related
13:12:00 <RobinEd> so... moving on
13:12:12 <RobinEd> #topic Current status registration
13:12:12 <RobinEd> #info Currently 71 registrations!
13:12:12 <RobinEd> #info again, we are happy at this stage of the game
13:12:12 <RobinEd> #info again, we need to keep plugging this event
13:12:48 <RobinEd> more releases are scheduled in social media, please share them yourself
13:13:08 <RobinEd> we are still looking at getting the conference published in traditional media too
13:13:12 <RobinEd> any help is appreciated
13:13:55 <ddemaio_> We should have a release about the TSP and Hotel info
13:14:24 <RobinEd> agreed
13:14:37 <RobinEd> we have more info about the TSP and Hotels in a few points
13:14:52 <RobinEd> but yes we need to release the information ASAP
13:15:29 <RobinEd> shall we move on to Hotels?
13:15:34 <ddemaio_> sure
13:15:39 <RobinEd> #topic Hotels
13:15:39 <RobinEd> #info We have a hotel (van der Valk) doing double rooms with breakfast at EUR 105 / night and single rooms with breakfast at EUR 95 per night
13:15:39 <RobinEd> #info we are looking into cheaper options
13:15:39 <RobinEd> #info notably, we are hoping to turn a part of the venue into a very cheap indoor camping option for around EUR 20,- / night. We are currently still in discussions with the venue organisers about this.
13:15:39 <RobinEd> #info we are also looking at alternative hostels for guests
13:15:41 <RobinEd> #info As well as looking at running a shuttle service from the station to the venue (and back). Prices still need to come in.
13:16:52 <RobinEd> It would be useful to put the van der Valk on the website... who can do this?
13:17:00 <ddemaio_> When might we have an answer on the indoor camping
13:18:13 <ddemaio_> there is a lodging section.. I'll see what I can do.
13:18:37 <RobinEd> cool
13:18:44 <RobinEd> last email with venue was yesterday
13:19:26 <RobinEd> they are checking with fire brigade if it is legally possible and if they can find an alternative location in case fire brigade says no
13:23:15 <RobinEd> move on?
13:25:02 <RobinEd> #topic Sponsorship
13:25:03 <RobinEd> #info for administrative reasons SUSE would like sponsors to not pay in cash but to sponsor specific items that the sponsors can be directly billed for.
13:25:03 <RobinEd> #info we have updated the sponsorship text to reflect this
13:27:10 <ddemaio_> Do you have the text for that Robin or is it in progress
13:30:58 <ddemaio_> Robin. I just want to confirm that the hotel is Van der Valk Hotel Den Haag - Nootdorp. Correct?
13:33:10 <RobinEd> I'm checking, but it should be
13:33:27 <RobinEd> The one in Voorschoten is a bit far off
13:35:54 <ddemaio_> It's 10 minutes by car, and about 40 walking.
13:36:17 <RobinEd> There is public transport available
13:37:03 <ddemaio_> so that is the correct one in Nootdorp
13:37:17 <RobinEd> I think so
13:37:35 <RobinEd> I don't have it in the email confirmation :(
13:37:45 <RobinEd> And I've sent out an email, but no reply yet
13:38:13 <RobinEd> too iffy to put live now... can we prep the text and then go live with it when I have my confirmation?
13:39:36 <ddemaio_> I see Hans' email. Its the right hotel
13:39:47 <RobinEd> good :)
13:40:16 <RobinEd> The venue is walkable from the Station of Voorburg, but we want to make it easier by having a shuttle service for people
13:42:34 <RobinEd> to continue on
13:42:37 <RobinEd> #topic CfP deadline and TSP
13:42:37 <RobinEd> #info We suggest pushing  back the CfP deadline to 1st March, due to TSP constraints
13:42:37 <RobinEd> #info We may have a 2nd CfP without the TSP from 1 - 31 March, depending on the amount of submissions we have.
13:42:37 <RobinEd> #info the Travel Support Program is getting started under Izabel Valverde
13:43:04 <RobinEd> so basically what robjo said :)
13:48:49 <RobinEd> ok and moving on to the last point
13:48:51 <RobinEd> #topic Other points by participants
13:52:37 <RobinEd> anyone have anything else they want to contribute?
13:54:04 <RobinEd> then I'm closing it down
13:54:16 <RobinEd> thanks for coming and your contributions
13:54:18 <RobinEd> #endmeeting