13:01:54 <hcderaad> #startmeeting
13:01:54 <bugbot> Meeting started Mon Mar 30 13:01:54 2015 UTC.  The chair is hcderaad. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:01:54 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:01:59 <hcderaad> Hi all!
13:02:27 <Garheade> opensuse-offtopic
13:02:29 <hcderaad> The agenda for today is fairly simple!
13:02:30 <Garheade> grrr
13:02:33 <hcderaad> ?
13:02:45 <Garheade> hcderaad: sorry, i mistyped
13:02:55 <hcderaad> ok!
13:02:56 <hcderaad> #topic Agenda
13:02:58 <hcderaad> #info Promotion, promotion, promotion
13:02:59 <hcderaad> #info Hotel reservations
13:03:01 <hcderaad> #info Other points by attendees
13:03:02 <hcderaad> #info Next meeting
13:03:03 <darix> moin
13:03:11 <hcderaad> Morning! :-)
13:03:30 <hcderaad> I'll start with the first point
13:03:42 <hcderaad> #topic Promotion
13:03:43 <hcderaad> #info The current status of the attendees for the conference is quite dissapointing and with only 4 weeks we really need to up our game.
13:03:45 <hcderaad> #info ddmaio is working on online banners which need to be sent to all interested parties so that they can help out in this.
13:03:46 <hcderaad> #info We actively need to invite other communities to participate in the conference, because the openSUSE community itself seems to be not very responsive.
13:03:48 <hcderaad> #info hcderaad and RobinEd have already contacted GNOME, KDE, NLUUG, NLLGG, Diaspora. Everyone is requested to contact their own local (and international) communities to attend the conference.
13:03:49 <hcderaad> #info The target for attendees is 200, at the moment were at about 50%, with more than half of that being speakers.
13:03:51 <hcderaad> #info If we want openSUSE Conference to remain a relevant event for future editions, we need to start getting of our island.
13:03:52 <hcderaad> #info it’s not enough to expect only a small handful of people to do all the PR when everyone has their own social media accounts and can echo the newsposts being put out without much effort.
13:04:11 <darix> hcderaad: i have some infos for that but i need to confirm something first
13:04:24 <hcderaad> Ok, what would you need to confirm?
13:04:39 <hcderaad> Can I help with that?
13:04:43 <darix> nope :)
13:04:45 <darix> just need to wait
13:04:59 <hcderaad> Ok, cool. Any hints? Or perhaps timing?
13:05:09 <darix> roland is in a call. lets get back to it later :)
13:05:15 <hcderaad> But, thanks anyway, all the lhelp is very much appreciated!
13:06:48 <hcderaad> I no other input/questions arise I'll continue with the next subject then!
13:07:20 <darix> oh diaspora was another thing i wanted to package. thanks for the reminder
13:07:27 <hcderaad> Your welcome! :-)
13:08:02 <ddemaio> one thing
13:08:19 <hcderaad> Please fire away!
13:08:44 <ddemaio> it anyone is willing to help with the countdown, please contact me. I have the translations but don't have the know how to change the code on github
13:09:34 <hcderaad> Any other point?
13:09:50 <darix> ddemaio: just ping me afterwards
13:09:51 <ddemaio> The render.py file is what needs the changes - https://github.com/openSUSE/countdown.o.o
13:09:59 <ddemaio> ok
13:10:00 <ddemaio> thx
13:12:07 <hcderaad> Next point?
13:12:33 <hcderaad> #topic Hotel reservations
13:12:34 <hcderaad> #info We’ve had some problems with the hotel reservations for the Van der Valk hotel and the sleep over facilities at the conference.
13:12:36 <hcderaad> #info We’re straightening that out right now and will communicate about this this week.
13:12:37 <hcderaad> Any questions?
13:12:50 <darix> existing bookings are fine right?:)
13:12:53 <hcderaad> yes!
13:13:42 <darix> goodie
13:14:01 <hcderaad> Any other points?
13:14:32 <Ada_Lovelace> You have written in news.opensuse.org, you would have only 50 sleep overs.
13:14:39 <hcderaad> There will be more.
13:15:34 <hcderaad> We can scale up to 150 if needed!
13:15:40 <hcderaad> We obviously need to promote that1
13:15:42 <hcderaad> !
13:15:54 <|miska|> I have a question
13:15:57 <hcderaad> Shoot!
13:16:04 <|miska|> From when till when are sleepovers possible?
13:16:20 <|miska|> Aka, if I come day before?
13:16:26 <|miska|> If I leave day after?
13:16:27 <hcderaad> In prinicple from 1 until 4, but we are arrangin also one or 2 days before.
13:17:05 <hcderaad> The extra day is something we need to discuss with the venue, will be getting back on that.
13:17:15 <|miska|> Ok, so no on 4th, but 30th probably yes
13:17:35 <hcderaad> Will confirm that later this week
13:17:43 <RobinEd> it kind of depends on how many people want to stay over on the 4th as well
13:17:43 <darix> hcderaad: i think the bus from nbg arrives on the 30th
13:17:53 <hcderaad> Then we'll be open the 30th :-)
13:18:02 <darix> so i think it would be good to have people be able to start that day
13:18:07 <hcderaad> Agree.
13:18:07 <|miska|> Well, don't need the one after yet and depending on travel arrangements might not need it at all but from day before most probably
13:18:22 <|miska|> Cool
13:18:22 <hcderaad> It makes sense to enable that.
13:18:27 <hcderaad> Thanks for your input!
13:19:43 <hcderaad> Anything else on this topic?
13:19:53 <|miska|> Little related, will there be possibility to somehow lock out stuff during the sleepovers? Like notebook?
13:20:03 <hcderaad> There are lockers at the venue.
13:20:11 <|miska|> Ok, cool, thanks
13:20:11 <hcderaad> It is a sporting facility after all!
13:20:33 * |miska| haven't done any sporting for a while :-T
13:20:42 <hcderaad> There, even more reason to come! :-)
13:21:08 <hcderaad> Ok, carrying on then!
13:21:15 <hcderaad> #topic Other points by participants?
13:21:16 <darix> i will shout at miska to do more sports over the event ;)
13:21:19 <|miska|> No worry, I'm comming, just need to figure out how :-)
13:21:21 <hcderaad> Anything else?
13:21:29 <ganglia> How is the program organization coming?
13:21:38 <hcderaad> ganglia It's coming pretty good!
13:21:45 <RobinEd> we have loads of interesting talks and workshops submitted
13:21:48 <hcderaad> We've accepted and published the first round of talks.
13:21:54 <ganglia> Should we be self organizing the content, or coordinating that with you?
13:21:58 <RobinEd> we will be confirming more of them this week
13:22:04 <hcderaad> https://events.opensuse.org/conference/osc15/schedule
13:22:15 <hcderaad> Feast your eyes on that! :-)
13:22:17 <RobinEd> there should be some more news items coming out about the talks in the coming days
13:22:27 <ganglia> (for example, two of us have proposed topics on puppet.  We could just do it together, or possibly have 2 talks.)
13:22:34 <RobinEd> (please post them on your social media stuff :))
13:23:02 <hcderaad> Yes, please repeat the message! :-)
13:23:14 <darix> ganglia: not to mention 3 talks/workshops on packaging!
13:23:45 <ganglia> darix: Well, yes, we're coordinating that rather heavily, for a whole track of Packaging content.  :D
13:23:59 <darix> \o/
13:25:41 <darix> next?
13:26:12 <hcderaad> Any other points?
13:27:26 <darix> not from my side on this topic
13:28:23 <hcderaad> Ok, other topics then?
13:29:07 <darix> hcderaad: do we still have open time slots? i was just asked for an apparmor talk. maybe we can get cboltz to do one
13:29:12 <darix> (will try to reach him later)
13:29:16 <hcderaad> Yes we do! Please enter!
13:29:29 <darix> ok will let him know
13:29:37 <ddemaio> The bus is leaving NUE at 11 a.m. on 04.30. It should be there by 9 or 10 p.m.
13:29:57 <Sleep_Walker> and I'm considering GNU Guix talk - would such talk be welcome?
13:30:12 <darix> Sleep_Walker: a what talk?
13:30:27 <RobinEd> i am unaware of guix?
13:30:34 <hcderaad> "GNU Guix (pronounced like "geeks") is a purely functional package manager for the GNU system. "
13:30:48 <hcderaad> I'm not sure this is very relevant for openSUSE since we already have yast, apper, etc.
13:31:13 <hcderaad> But, nonetheless, we're not necessarily against it so if you enter it into OSEM we will discuss it with the program committee.
13:31:27 <Sleep_Walker> mkay
13:31:35 <hcderaad> #info The SUSE bus is leaving NUE at 11 a.m. on 04.30. It should be there by 9 or 10 p.m.
13:32:10 <hcderaad> Any other points?
13:32:39 <ddemaio> beer
13:32:49 <ddemaio> Are we able to have beer at the event
13:33:34 <hcderaad> Yes...... :-)
13:33:54 <ddemaio> thx
13:34:24 <hcderaad> We'll have a social event at the venue, so no worries there! :-)
13:34:40 <hcderaad> That's also something we need to do a little more promotion on ddemaio, will get back on that soon!
13:35:52 <hcderaad> Ok, if no other points arise I''ll continue!
13:36:43 <hcderaad> #topic Next meeting
13:36:44 <hcderaad> #info Due to Easter, the next meeting will be Tuesday the 7th of April 13h UTC / 15h CEST
13:37:06 <hcderaad> Thanks a lot for participating today!
13:38:28 <hcderaad> See you next time!
13:38:41 <hcderaad> #endmeeting