<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by hcderaad at 13:00:05 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">First of all: A very happy 2015
    everybody!</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-4'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:00:12)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Agenda</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-6'>hcderaad</a>, 13:00:30)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Location issues</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-7'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:00:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Talks registered</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-8'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:00:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Attendee registration</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-9'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:00:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">FOSDEM and SCALE promotion</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-10'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:00:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Other points by participants</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-11'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:00:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Next meeting</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-12'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:00:39)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Location</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-16'>hcderaad</a>, 13:02:08)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">The past weeks have been very busy for RobinEd
    and myself (hcderaad) because of a possible issue regarding the
    current venue (BINk36).</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-17'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We have managed to secure an option on an
    alternative location in The Hague.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-18'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:11)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The board has been informed about this and has
    a meeting today in which this will be discussed.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-19'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">This has resulted in a delay on some of the
    open issues in progress.opensuse.org</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-20'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">At this moment not a lot can be said about
    this, the board needs to make a decision first.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-21'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:16)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Talks registered</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-63'>hcderaad</a>, 13:14:30)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Good news! We already have some (7) talks
    proposed!</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-64'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:14:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The program committee will consist of
    warlordfff (Kostas Koudaras), Douglas Demaio, Robin Edgar and myself
    (hcderaad).</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-65'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:14:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We should rate these proposals asap and prepare
    an announcement about them, hcderaad will contact committee members
    by mail.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-66'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:14:34)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">hcderaad Make
    biweekly issue progress digests to the mailinglists.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-145'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:35:55)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ddemaio send
    mail to project mailinglists on public announcements</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-148'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:37:14)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Attendee registration</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-152'>hcderaad</a>, 13:39:08)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">More good news! We already have approx 30
    attendees!</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-153'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:39:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We hope that once weâ€™ve started communicating
    more in the next few weeks this will increase!</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-154'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:39:11)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">FOSDEM and SCALE promotion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-155'>hcderaad</a>, 13:39:13)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Robert Schweikert made a request for promotion
    materials to the artwork team for these conferences.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-156'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:39:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Anditosan responded with a couple of
    questions.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-157'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:39:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We are awaiting the board decision about the
    location before proceeding on this.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-158'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:39:17)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Other points by participants</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-183'>hcderaad</a>, 13:50:25)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-188'>hcderaad</a>, 13:54:04)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Because of the urgency regarding the current
    issues with regards to the location and the preparation for
    FOSDEM/SCALE we are increasing the frequency of the meetings.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-190'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:54:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Reminder to self (hcderaad) about sending out
    earlier reminders about these meetings.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-191'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:54:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The next IRC meetings will be Monday the 19th
    of January at 13h UTC and Tuesday the 27th of January at 13h
    UTC.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html#l-192'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:54:08)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 14:00:20 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2015-01-12-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>hcderaad Make biweekly issue progress digests to the mailinglists.</li>
  <li>ddemaio send mail to project mailinglists on public announcements</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> ddemaio <ol>
    <li>ddemaio send mail to project mailinglists on public announcements</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> hcderaad <ol>
    <li>hcderaad Make biweekly issue progress digests to the mailinglists.</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>hcderaad (127)</li>
  <li>henne (34)</li>
  <li>robjo (28)</li>
  <li>ddemaio (7)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
  <li>cboltz (1)</li>
  <li>coolo (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
