13:00:08 <hcderaad> #startmeeting
13:00:08 <bugbot> Meeting started Tue Jan 27 13:00:08 2015 UTC.  The chair is hcderaad. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:00:08 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:00:14 <hcderaad> Hi everybody! Welcome to another oSC Project meeting!
13:00:32 <RobinEd> Hi all
13:00:49 <|miska|> Hi
13:00:52 <ddemaio> hi
13:01:09 <hcderaad> Hi miska and ddemaio!
13:01:16 <hcderaad> As usual we have an agenda for todays meeting:
13:01:18 <hcderaad> #topic Agenda
13:01:19 <hcderaad> #info Current status proposed talks and tracks
13:01:21 <hcderaad> #info Invited speakers status
13:01:22 <hcderaad> #info Current status attendance registration
13:01:24 <hcderaad> #info Promotion on events (FOSDEM/Scale)
13:01:25 <hcderaad> #info Focus on call for team members
13:01:27 <hcderaad> #info Other points by participants
13:01:43 <hcderaad> We'll start with the first topic!
13:01:44 <hcderaad> #topic Current status proposed talks and tracks
13:01:46 <hcderaad> #info There haven’t been a lot of new additions, we now have 27 proposed talks
13:01:47 <hcderaad> #info This is obviously not enough to fill 4 rooms with high quality talks, we (robined and hcderaad) want to formalise internally that we keep the amount of talk rooms limited to 2 and add 1 devroom and 1 workshop/tutorial room. This will be our goal.
13:01:49 <hcderaad> #info If more talks are proposed at a later time, we can always expand this.
13:01:52 <hcderaad> #info Talks committee will all attend FOSDEM, we’ll start formalising the currently registered talks there so that we can start announcing them.
13:02:14 <hcderaad> Does anyone have any input on this?
13:02:40 <robjo> How many proposals do we have at this time?
13:03:19 <RobinEd> see above :)
13:03:23 <RobinEd> 27
13:03:43 <robjo> Thanks, sorry, missed that
13:03:46 <hcderaad> nopro
13:03:57 <RobinEd> no problem, lots of #info in these meetings...
13:04:12 <hcderaad> This is not something we want to shout out to the world, but we feel we need to establish some goals a little more concrete than we have done so far.
13:04:45 <robjo> I would suggest to directly approach some speakers we have had in the past
13:05:07 <ddemaio> I would also add trying to find more sponsors
13:05:12 <hcderaad> I have no objections to that, but I would like to see new topics.
13:05:48 <hcderaad> ddemaio, yes, we've coordinated with izabel valverde on that. But i am unsure how much time she has for this.
13:06:04 <ddemaio> I'll see what I can get at FOSDEM
13:06:14 <hcderaad> We should coordinate on FOSDEM anyway.
13:06:16 <robjo> Obviously not knowing who proposed what I'd suggest talks about "Recap, staging model, experience after 1 year" given by coolo
13:06:56 <robjo> I suspect henne or adrian already have a talk about OBS and what's new
13:07:22 <hcderaad> They are obviously more than welcome to join in the fun!
13:07:38 <robjo> A refresher about "writing osc plugins" would be great
13:07:40 <RobinEd> Michal has an OBS thing
13:07:40 <hcderaad> Michal already has a talk about OBS there.
13:08:04 <hcderaad> osc plugins? What would that be?
13:08:21 <robjo> or even a workshop "the osc hello world plugin"
13:08:33 <|miska|> Well, my talk should be different from Adrians what is new
13:08:49 <RobinEd> good
13:09:03 <hcderaad> Any input is welcome at this time robjo, if you want to approach henne/adrian/anyone else, then please feel free to do so!
13:09:11 <ddemaio> should we steer this back toward goals
13:09:40 <hcderaad> No objection there.
13:09:42 <robjo> hcderaad: the direct contact should be made by one of the members of the commitee
13:10:09 <robjo> on the topic of talks, I have not heard from SUSE if they want a keynote or not.
13:10:15 <hcderaad> robjo, that's also fine by me, but input would be desirable.
13:10:22 <hcderaad> SUSE did mention a keynote.
13:10:33 <hcderaad> So we are keeping a slot open for them
13:11:05 <hcderaad> We had several people sending us (robined and myself) emails with suggestions, we followed up on those. Please feel free to mail some more.
13:11:34 <hcderaad> For now, our goal will be having 2 rooms with talks, one devroom and one tutorial/workshop room.
13:11:52 <hcderaad> The difference between a talk and a workshops is that the latter is interactive and should require audience participation.
13:12:17 <hcderaad> Let's continue with the next topic.
13:12:28 <hcderaad> #topic Invited speakers status
13:12:28 <ddemaio> I would recommend trying to get other communities to be involved this year as well
13:12:30 <hcderaad> #info Last weekend hcderaad attended phpBenelux conf and local meetups, invited 4 speakers to do talks.
13:12:31 <hcderaad> #info 2 already confirmed (talks about Docker security and about Ansible).
13:12:33 <hcderaad> #info 2 others will probably have to be through video channel
13:12:34 <hcderaad> #info There are some outstanding invites, hcderaad has done followup on them by email.
13:12:36 <hcderaad> #info NLUUG, NLLGG and some local meetups have been requested to spread the word about the CfP as well. hcderaad will do follow up on this after FOSDEM.
13:12:37 <hcderaad> #info keynote announced
13:13:03 <hcderaad> ddemaio, we're coordinating with the Kolab and Roundcube community obviously.
13:13:16 <hcderaad> We've invited FSFE en aforementioned organisations to the conf as well.
13:13:17 <ddemaio> Any other we want to reach out to
13:13:43 <hcderaad> Personally i have no problem inviting other communities to take part in our conference.
13:14:06 <hcderaad> But we did discuss this before and the sentiment of some was then that we should protect the openSUSE message we want to bring across
13:14:10 <RobinEd> NLUUG is also invited, we will be promoting there as well
13:14:14 <ddemaio> KDE is informed, but I haven't seen any confirmed kde contributors
13:14:48 <hcderaad> We should definitely make an effort at FOSDEM to inform and invite more. Like GNOME, LibreOffice, etc, etc.
13:15:20 <ddemaio> true, but we also need some collaboration from other communities.
13:15:27 <ddemaio> sounds good
13:16:31 <hcderaad> Ok, summing up, we'll coordinate this at FOSDEM as well, that is obviously the place to get this done.
13:16:34 <hcderaad> Next topic then!
13:16:35 <hcderaad> #topic Current status attendance registration
13:16:37 <hcderaad> #info The counter is now at 43 participants. That’s not very good.
13:16:38 <hcderaad> #info We need to make an announcement about all current project members inviting colleagues/friends/etc/etc….
13:16:40 <hcderaad> #info Will talk in person about this at FOSDEM, as discussion in the IRC sessions and ML doesnt seem to provide much result.
13:17:24 <RobinEd> hopefully we can use the social event to get some more team members and coordinate actions for them.
13:17:29 <ddemaio> face to face should produce some results
13:19:25 <robjo> Someone needs to contact the TSP team they need to make an announcement about the process and when they start accepting applications
13:19:38 <robjo> this should happen rather soon so people can start making plans
13:19:53 <robjo> There's also no announcement yet about Hotels
13:20:37 <robjo> the Hotels is a distinct local task and needs to be done urgently
13:20:46 <hcderaad> Izabel is contacted and she introduced Anna from SUSE, we will get that done this week.
13:21:00 <robjo> if you cannot negotiate special prices that's OK, at least recommendations need to be posted
13:21:10 <hcderaad> Hotels have been requested for deals, but no responses yet. We can update the page with suggestions.
13:21:35 <robjo> Don't wait for the "business" cycle, i.e. for hotels to get back to you
13:22:20 <hcderaad> robjo, not doing that, we've done follow up, but our time isnt exactly free either
13:22:21 <robjo> the web site needs to have recommendations in close proximity, I for example have no idea about the size of The Hague and might end up staying on the other side of town
13:22:33 <robjo> hcderaad: I understand
13:22:48 <hcderaad> We've been focussing on getting speakers to get more program done.
13:23:13 <robjo> but you should be able to delegate something that can be handled from anywhere in the world and pick up something that can only be done by someone local
13:23:20 <hcderaad> People can all use google maps and AirBNB, so yes, we will post suggestions, but our priorities are at the program right now.
13:23:21 <RobinEd> We are currently chasing: FOSDEM, speakers, media for the conference announcement, hotels, industrial grade Wifi and A/V equipment.
13:23:43 <robjo> That's something that can be done from anywhere in the world
13:24:02 <RobinEd> exactly
13:24:09 <hcderaad> robjo Well, if someone feels free to do so i have no objections.
13:24:17 <hcderaad> So far there isnt a lot of enthousiasm for that
13:24:30 <hcderaad> So it kind of boils down to us having to pick that up or it doesnt happen
13:24:42 <hcderaad> Which is obviously impacted by the amount of time we have available
13:24:44 <RobinEd> but it's not all being done from anywhere else than NL, some notable exceptions aside (henne, ddmaio, kostas and a few others)O
13:24:49 <robjo> I am happy to help with the speaker stuff, but then someone needs to give me admin access to  oSC15 in osem or send me the current list of speakers and proposals so I don't send e-mails to people that already have a proposal
13:25:37 <robjo> From my point of view the hotels are a top priority
13:25:39 <ddemaio> robjo: talk with henne
13:25:59 <hcderaad> robjo, that would definitely help. Ask henne for access.
13:26:06 <RobinEd> i'm looking to see if i can add you in osem, but i think henne will have to do this
13:26:19 <RobinEd> do you have proper access in Redmine, robjo?
13:26:31 <robjo> people that are traveling will need to know where to stay, not knowing where to stay is a big blocker
13:26:40 <hcderaad> robjo For us they are a high priority as well, but not paramount
13:26:50 <robjo> RobinEd: I don't think I do, I can see the tasks
13:26:58 <RobinEd> FOSDEM is currently our nr 1 prio
13:27:08 <hcderaad> A big blocker for us in the past few weeks was initially the location. Now we can start working from that again.
13:27:09 <robjo> but not mark stuff completed, at least that was the status when I checked last time
13:27:12 <RobinEd> we go there Thursday evening
13:27:37 <RobinEd> robjo: what user are you using?
13:27:49 <RobinEd> I don't see you in there
13:27:51 <robjo> RobinEd: rjschwei
13:28:04 <hcderaad> We really want to use FOSDEM to coordinate subtasks and to get everything more aligned.
13:28:36 <RobinEd> ok robjo, i have added you there, can you try again?
13:28:56 <RobinEd> progress.opensuse.org
13:29:02 <robjo> Well, FOSDEM is this weekend, can we set a goal to have Hotel information posted by the following week, i.e. no later than Feb 7th?
13:29:36 <RobinEd> no problem, we won't have all the details on deals yet but we will have some locations
13:29:42 <hcderaad> robjo Lets drup this subject and go on to the next
13:29:55 <hcderaad> #topic Promotion on events (FOSDEM/Scale)
13:29:56 <hcderaad> #info Linux Magazine (NL - Dutch language) offered to give us some extra swag, and announce the conf.
13:29:58 <hcderaad> #info We didnt have feedback from other news outlets yet, we’ll (robined and hcderaad) do a follow up later this week.
13:29:59 <hcderaad> #info The social event on Saturday at FOSDEM should also be a nice place to get together and talk about the current status.
13:31:00 <hcderaad> We should also have a coordinating session at FOSDEM
13:31:08 <hcderaad> Probably best to do that during the saturday?
13:31:20 <hcderaad> Will propose this to the ML
13:31:50 <hcderaad> Or do you guys feel we should do this during the saturday openSUSE social?
13:32:13 <RobinEd> we might get some new volunteers in then. hopefully we can then task them up :)
13:34:28 <hcderaad> robjo Just took a look at the FAQ, this all dates from Thessaloniki.... Will delete that info and update it with at least something relevant.
13:34:49 <RobinEd> is this the wiki?
13:34:57 <RobinEd> that is hopelessly out of date
13:35:20 <hcderaad> All info is from osc13.....
13:35:24 <RobinEd> kostas said he would update it, but I think he's copy pastad
13:36:19 <hcderaad> He did update some pieces, but obviously not all
13:36:30 <hcderaad> Cant blame him, he wont know most of the local details.
13:36:47 <hcderaad> I'll do a follow up on that today to make sure no old content is there and so that we can update as required.
13:37:46 <hcderaad> Apparently not a lot of input on this, we'll carry on?
13:38:37 <RobinEd> yes
13:38:38 <robjo> Sorry got interrupted
13:38:45 <hcderaad> welcome back!
13:38:51 <RobinEd> hi again
13:39:14 <hcderaad> #topic Focus on call for team members
13:39:15 <hcderaad> #info We need more people! This is also something we will discuss at FOSDEM.
13:40:09 <ddemaio> if you build it, they will come
13:40:17 <RobinEd> hahahaha
13:40:50 <robjo> When you go through the list of people needed, keep inmind that last year we managed fine without having a "chair" person for each room
13:41:18 <RobinEd> ok. but we need AV people for each room
13:41:18 <hcderaad> Yeah, thanks. We'll need av people
13:41:51 <RobinEd> or at least 2/3 rooms, as we're having 1 devroom
13:42:08 <RobinEd> don't know if there are any workshops that need AV
13:42:24 <robjo> Well, A/V is nice to have
13:42:34 <hcderaad> Just updated the wiki
13:42:35 <hcderaad> https://en.opensuse.org/Conference_FAQ_2015
13:42:44 <hcderaad> We really want to at least record all sessions
13:42:46 <robjo> if we do not record and broadcast around the world it is a step back but not the end of the world ;)
13:42:58 <robjo> if we don't have people for registration that's a much bigger problem
13:43:05 <hcderaad> True, but if we keep the amount of talk rooms limited, it should definitely possible.
13:43:10 <hcderaad> We really need more people anyway....
13:43:17 <hcderaad> Attendees and registrations....
13:43:31 <RobinEd> and talks and volunteers
13:43:45 <hcderaad> So people, please, spread the word1
13:43:47 <hcderaad> !
13:43:56 <RobinEd> but i'm not too worried for the amount of time left to D-day
13:44:11 <RobinEd> most will book as last minute as possible, in my experience
13:44:37 <RobinEd> but the more we have now, the less stress close to the conf itself
13:44:51 <ddemaio> #agree robined
13:44:57 <robjo> Also keep in mind that everyone that gets sponosred through TSP is expected to help with whatever is needed during the event, thus this will also bring "volunteers" ;)
13:45:11 <hcderaad> robjo valid point, we're counting on that!
13:45:21 <RobinEd> that's a Good Thing (tm) robjo :)
13:45:27 <hcderaad> But in general, we need every geeko to start promoting the event asap!
13:45:35 <robjo> yes
13:45:42 <hcderaad> Any other points?
13:45:43 <hcderaad> #topic Other points by participants
13:45:49 <robjo> We need every Geeko to show up!
13:45:54 <RobinEd> YEAH!
13:46:02 <hcderaad> That would be nice as well! The venue can certainly take it! :-)
13:46:54 <hcderaad> Ok, on to the last point then, the next meeting!
13:46:55 <hcderaad> #topic Next meeting
13:46:57 <hcderaad> #info The next meeting in person will be at FOSDEM, we’ll send a summary of the points discussed to the project ml. The next IRC meeting will be Monday 9th februari 13h UTC / 14hCEST.
13:47:08 <RobinEd> see you at FOSDEM then!
13:47:19 <ddemaio> cheers
13:47:34 <robjo> thanks RobinEd and hcderaad
13:47:40 <RobinEd> you also robjo
13:47:49 <RobinEd> will you also be at FOSDEM?
13:47:52 <hcderaad> likewisse, looking forward to FOSDEM!
13:48:05 <ddemaio> I'll bring the beer
13:48:12 <hcderaad> Good man!
13:48:14 <RobinEd> awesome
13:48:21 <RobinEd> I'll bring the cheer
13:48:48 <robjo> I will not be at FOSDEM
13:49:02 <RobinEd> shame, would be nice to meet f2f, hopefully there will be another opportunity
13:49:04 <hcderaad> robjo, perhaps we can do a hangout?
13:49:57 <hcderaad> Lets coordinate that throug email
13:50:00 <hcderaad> Bye everybody!
13:50:02 <robjo> That'll depend on the time, but my weekend is pretty open at he moment. Considering that we are getting inundated with snow right now there will certainly not be much activity this weekend from my side ;)
13:50:27 <hcderaad> Happy snowplowing, we'll get in touch then!
13:50:39 <RobinEd> cool... see you all then
13:50:45 <hcderaad> #endmeeting