=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by hcderaad at 13:00:02 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2015/opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (hcderaad, 13:00:38)
  * Kolab Summit registration and CfP opened!  (hcderaad, 13:00:39)
  * Keynote from SUSE and program committee  (hcderaad, 13:00:41)
  * Status attendees  (hcderaad, 13:00:42)
  * Status TSP  (hcderaad, 13:00:44)
  * Status sleepover at venue and other locations  (hcderaad, 13:00:45)
  * Technical logistics at venue (ie network!)  (hcderaad, 13:00:47)
  * Other points by participants  (hcderaad, 13:00:48)
  * Next meeting  (hcderaad, 13:00:50)

* Kolab Summit registration and CfP opened!  (hcderaad, 13:01:18)
  * The Kolab Summit will take place on 2 and 3 May at the same location
    as the openSUSE Conference!  (hcderaad, 13:01:19)
  * Registration and call for papers has opened today, if any geeko’s
    are interested in getting off the island and take a sneak peak at
    the neighbors that would be possible as well as encouraged!
    (hcderaad, 13:01:21)
  * What can we do to benefit more from each other? Ideas like a joint
    Yast->Kolab devroom have already popped up, any other ideas?
    (hcderaad, 13:01:22)

* Keynote from SUSE and program committee  (hcderaad, 13:09:58)
  * Markus Feilner will deliver the SUSE keynote this year at oSC! Next
    to Aaron Seigo’s keynote we have 2 real open source heavy weights,
    thats great!  (hcderaad, 13:09:59)
  * The first round of talks has been confirmed and is published on the
    event website.  (hcderaad, 13:10:01)
  * The program committee will meetup soon to discuss the other
    registered talks and go for the second round!  (hcderaad, 13:10:03)
  * LINK: https://events.opensuse.org/conference/osc15/schedule
    (darix, 13:14:08)

* Status attendees and promotion  (hcderaad, 13:18:33)
  * We have passed the 90 attendees mark! So far we’re seeing about 5
    registrations per week. This isn’t bad, but we’d like to see
    improvement  (hcderaad, 13:18:34)
  * Regarding promotion we’re requesting the artwork team to come up
    with more banners and suchlike so that community members can also
    spread the word.  (hcderaad, 13:18:36)
  * We also would like to send an email newsletter to current attendees
    to encourage them to bring more people!  (hcderaad, 13:18:37)
  * ACTION: Create link on oSC Site about promo material repo
    (hcderaad, 13:23:53)
  * ACTION: Create more visibility for Kolab Summit <-> openSUSE
    Conference on conf websites  (hcderaad, 13:24:06)

* Status TSP  (hcderaad, 13:24:08)
  * First TSP round has been completed and applicants were informed.
    (hcderaad, 13:24:10)
  * There were some questions about choices of transport (such as which
    airlines are allowed) and Izabel Valverde gave a very clear
    explaination that the TSP will always look at the most economically
    viable options when confirming support.  (hcderaad, 13:24:11)
  * If applicants have a personal preference for more expensive travel
    means, that’s up to them personally and they can use the TSP money
    as “starting capital”.  (hcderaad, 13:24:13)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/openSUSE/artwork/tree/master/Marketing%20Materials/Events/openSUSE%20Conference/2015-oS-Conference
    (henne, 13:24:16)
  * LINK: http://www.stayokay.com/en/hostel/den-haag#products
    (Ada_Lovelace, 13:36:25)

* Status sleepover at venue and other locations  (hcderaad, 13:38:54)
  * The venue is currently setting up a website for the actual
    registration and payment of the sleepover facilities at the conf.
    (hcderaad, 13:38:56)
  * We’re looking into more locations with a cheap/medium/high-end cost
    profile and will put them on the website soon.  (hcderaad, 13:38:57)

* Technical logistics at venue (ie network!)  (hcderaad, 13:39:38)
  * RobinEd and hcderaad have visited the venue and discussed internet
    bandwidth (we’re probably going to have a wireless network and a
    copper network, separated).  (hcderaad, 13:39:40)
  * RobinEd will provide pictures of the various rooms at the venue
    shortly.  (hcderaad, 13:39:41)
  * There will be a (lockable) room for all the equipment.  (hcderaad,
    13:39:43)
  * Buildup of central hall/main room can start wednesday, other rooms
    still to be arranged but probably thursday evening/friday morning.
    (hcderaad, 13:39:44)
  * Robin took pictures of the venue
    https://plus.google.com/101576589822337229579/posts/SwGM186H2BH
    (hcderaad, 13:39:54)
  * LINK:
    https://plus.google.com/101576589822337229579/posts/SwGM186H2BH?pid=6126822160961354594&oid=101576589822337229579
    (RobinEd, 13:47:43)
  * LINK:
    https://plus.google.com/101576589822337229579/posts/SwGM186H2BH?pid=6126822163511268946&oid=101576589822337229579
    (RobinEd, 13:47:54)

* Other points by participants  (hcderaad, 13:53:16)
  * Any other points?  (hcderaad, 13:53:18)

* Next meeting  (hcderaad, 13:56:57)
  * Monday 23rd of March 13h UTC / 14h CEST  (hcderaad, 13:56:58)



Meeting ended at 14:00:03 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* hcderaad (147)
* kl_eisbaer (25)
* RobinEd (22)
* izabelvalverde (14)
* henne (9)
* Amey_India (7)
* Ada_Lovelace (6)
* darix (6)
* differentreality (4)
* bugbot (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4