<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:00:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:00:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Mar  3 13:00:02 2015 UTC.  The chair is hcderaad. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:00:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:00:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi all, welcome to another openSUSE conference 2015 meeting!
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:00:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> As always we have an agenda for today
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:00:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:00:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Status proposals</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:00:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Feature request OSEM</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:00:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Status attendees</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:00:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Status hotels / sleepover</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Invites for visa</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:00:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Other points by participants</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:00:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:01:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Let's start with the first agendapoint!
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:01:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Better later than never ;)
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:01:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi Izabel! Good to see you!
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:01:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> here finally!
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:01:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Well, right on time!
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:02:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I bit lost about timezone!
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:02:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yeah, so far it has been mostly a European party, but everyone is welcome! ;-)
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:03:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, I'll start with the first point on the agenda then!
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:03:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status proposals</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:03:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We’ve had a meeting with the program committee about the talks that have been proposed so far.</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">It looks like we’re going to have a very broad and interesting program!</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We’ve accepted most of the talks and commented on some (which we’ll now have to follow up with the speakers)</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:03:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We’re looking in to ways to start promoting these talks, but unfortunately we’re having some issues with OSEM (see next agenda point).</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:03:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input on this?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:04:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I need to ask for the Program committee to not put the sponsors talks at the same time
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:04:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, noted
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:04:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:04:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We have several different tracks
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:04:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> But these tracks are more or less just categories
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:04:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We probably won't have specific rooms dedicated to specific tracks
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:05:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ok thank you
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:05:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So sponsors should have the option of mixing in with the others.
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:05:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> that's great! I'd like to not have them at the same time
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:06:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> As regular conference attendee I would not like that myself as well! :-)
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:06:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> mixed is perfect for us and for them I believe
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:06:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">Program committee, on scheduling, spread the sponsor talks</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:06:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any other questions regarding this topic?
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:06:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> How are the sponsors providing support this year
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We agreed upon having them to sponsor facilities, catering or social events
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> cake, coffee, etc.
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ^^ exactly ;)
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So we will be lining that up with them as soon as the sponsorship deals are confirmed
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> ok. I just want to make sure we are all on the same page
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:07:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We appear to be! :-)
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:07:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> just a point
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:08:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> We are ;)
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:08:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> I'm running into a slight problem from my end
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:08:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:08:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:08:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> on the opensuse sponsorship for linuxtage
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:08:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, whats the problem?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:08:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Or, perhaps better, can we help with anything on that matter?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:08:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> for or from?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> My admin is questioning several things because it is set up like we plan on setting up oSC
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:09:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> we might run into some similar issues
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Like?
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:09:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> because some of the people reviewing the finance might jump to conclusions like
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:09:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> bribery.
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:09:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> anti-corruption issue
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:10:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I'm lost, is it related to oSC?
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:10:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> obviously this isn't true, but the people that track and pay the money see things like this and pause
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:10:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, sounds harsh. We are planning on having all the finances go through the venue. So that will allow everything to be transparent to everyone.
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:11:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> this situation isn't, but it is an example of an issue that we may have to contend with because of the similar type or action we want our sponsors to do
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:11:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So the venue will contract the additional services and we'll make sure that there is one point for handling invoices from their end to the sponsors.
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:12:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> I just want to make it a #topic for discussion as we go forward in the event we run into any issues
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:12:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> please go on. we can discuss further offline
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:12:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, let's do that
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:12:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:13:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> also on this case we should bring the past organizers as well since no problems like this I've seen since oSC11
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">13:13:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, I'll continue with the next topic
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">13:13:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Feature request OSEM</span>
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">13:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We’d like to have the possibility of publishing a list of confirmed talks before they are scheduled.</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">13:13:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Currently, talks are only visible when they are scheduled, but since we are expecting quite a number of additional talks to come in in the coming weeks, we don’t want to start scheduling yet</span>
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">13:13:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We’ve opened an issue at github: https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/610</span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">13:13:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">If any developer can pull this of in the next few days, we’re willing to sponsor him/her to come to the conference.</span>
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">13:13:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">So, if anyone knows a talented Ruby programmer with an affinity with openSUSE and preferably OSEM, please get in touch with us.</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">13:14:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input on this/
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">13:14:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">13:14:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Markow&gt;</span> Good afternoon!
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">13:14:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi Markow!
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">13:15:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Unfortunately I have to go but the Visa topic is important to TSP. We already have requests. I will be waiting for the log ;)
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">13:15:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> byebye
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">13:15:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Bye!
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">13:16:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We'll cover that offline then!
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">13:16:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> bye
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">13:16:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">13:17:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ddemaio, would this topic be something we could do a social media item about?
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">13:18:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> visa
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">13:18:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> No the OSEM request
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">13:18:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> I could put it out there and see
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">13:18:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> The visa we'll handle later (I've got a skype call tomorrow with isabel about that).
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">13:18:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> visas are a topic we should also address
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">13:18:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> That would be nice, let's hope we can tackle this soon.
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">13:19:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">13:19:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'll carry on with the next topic then.
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">13:19:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status attendees and promotion</span>
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">13:19:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We’ve reached 82 registed attendees!</span>
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">13:19:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">It’s not bad, but we feel that we really need more promotion, so please people, start using your personal contacts and social media channels to promote the conference!</span>
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">13:21:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input on this? We've seen some initatives on the ML about people attending other conferences and spreading the word about oSC, thats great.
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">13:22:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> If anyone has ideas about confs they are attending to promote oSC then please ask for materials https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Local_Material_Production_Reimbursement
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">13:23:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'll continue with the next topic
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">13:24:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Invites for visa</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">13:24:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We’ve received some requests for invitation letters for visa.</span>
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">13:24:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">As RobinEd and myself (hcderaad) have no experience with this, we’re looking into this and strive to get the invites out this week.</span>
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">13:24:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Izabel Valverde and hcderaad will talk about this 4 march and get this up and running.</span>
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">13:24:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Wait
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">13:24:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Do we already have a flyer ready that people can print?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">13:25:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The local reimbursement program covers the cost. But someone still has to produce the original work
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">13:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yeah, we've got a flyer/sticker/etc in the artwork github
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">13:25:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I suspect we had a flyer for FOSDEM that can be reused, but do people know where to find it?
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">13:26:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, as long as people know where to find the stuff, we're OK
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">13:26:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> https://github.com/openSUSE/artwork/tree/master/Marketing%20Materials/Events/openSUSE%20Conference/2015-oS-Conference
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">13:26:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We might need to promote that a little more though
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">13:28:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> If there are no other points regarding the visa, i'll continue with the agenda
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">13:28:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Other points by participants</span>
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">13:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Any other points we haven’t covered so far?</span>
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">13:29:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ddemaio, perhaps we can do an announcement/item about the promotion items and the procedure to request them to raise more awareness?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">13:30:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">13:31:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Create news item about promotion materials for oSC and how to request them</span>
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">13:31:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any other points/
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">13:31:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">13:32:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I will also send an e-mail to -project ML
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">13:32:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> There was a question about hotel information earlier this week on the osc-vistior ML, is this info going to be public soon?
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">13:32:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yes.
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">13:33:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We're putting up a google form for people to register for the sleepover on site
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">13:33:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And we're expecting some more hotels to confirm this week.
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">13:34:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any other questions?
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">13:35:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">13:35:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Because of the conference approaching fast, we’ll meet again next week.</span>
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">13:35:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Next project meeting will be at Monday the 9th of March at 13 UTC and 14 CEST</span>
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">13:36:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks all for attending, see you next week!
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">13:39:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
