<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by hcderaad at 13:00:08 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Agenda</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-10'>hcderaad</a>, 13:01:18)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Current status proposed talks and tracks</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-11'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:01:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Invited speakers status</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-12'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:01:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Current status attendance registration</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-13'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:01:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Promotion on events (FOSDEM/Scale)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-14'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:01:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Focus on call for team members</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-15'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:01:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Other points by participants</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-16'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:01:27)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Current status proposed talks and tracks</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-18'>hcderaad</a>, 13:01:44)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">There haven’t been a lot of new additions, we
    now have 27 proposed talks</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-19'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:01:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">This is obviously not enough to fill 4 rooms
    with high quality talks, we (robined and hcderaad) want to formalise
    internally that we keep the amount of talk rooms limited to 2 and
    add 1 devroom and 1 workshop/tutorial room. This will be our
    goal.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-20'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:01:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">If more talks are proposed at a later time, we
    can always expand this.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-21'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:01:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Talks committee will all attend FOSDEM, we’ll
    start formalising the currently registered talks there so that we
    can start announcing them.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-22'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:01:52)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Invited speakers status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-59'>hcderaad</a>, 13:12:28)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Last weekend hcderaad attended phpBenelux conf
    and local meetups, invited 4 speakers to do talks.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-61'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:12:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2 already confirmed (talks about Docker
    security and about Ansible).</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-62'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:12:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">2 others will probably have to be through video
    channel</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-63'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:12:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">There are some outstanding invites, hcderaad
    has done followup on them by email.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-64'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:12:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">NLUUG, NLLGG and some local meetups have been
    requested to spread the word about the CfP as well. hcderaad will do
    follow up on this after FOSDEM.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-65'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:12:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">keynote announced</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-66'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:12:37)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Current status attendance registration</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-79'>hcderaad</a>, 13:16:35)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">The counter is now at 43 participants. That’s
    not very good.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-80'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:16:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We need to make an announcement about all
    current project members inviting colleagues/friends/etc/etc….</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-81'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:16:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Will talk in person about this at FOSDEM, as
    discussion in the IRC sessions and ML doesnt seem to provide much
    result.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-82'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:16:40)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Promotion on events (FOSDEM/Scale)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-129'>hcderaad</a>, 13:29:55)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Linux Magazine (NL - Dutch language) offered to
    give us some extra swag, and announce the conf.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-130'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:29:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We didnt have feedback from other news outlets
    yet, we’ll (robined and hcderaad) do a follow up later this
    week.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-131'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:29:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The social event on Saturday at FOSDEM should
    also be a nice place to get together and talk about the current
    status.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-132'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:29:59)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Focus on call for team members</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-151'>hcderaad</a>, 13:39:14)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We need more people! This is also something we
    will discuss at FOSDEM.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-152'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:39:15)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://en.opensuse.org/Conference_FAQ_2015">https://en.opensuse.org/Conference_FAQ_2015</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-162'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:42:35)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Other points by participants</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-182'>hcderaad</a>, 13:45:43)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-187'>hcderaad</a>, 13:46:55)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">The next meeting in person will be at FOSDEM,
    we’ll send a summary of the points discussed to the project ml. The
    next IRC meeting will be Monday 9th februari 13h UTC /
    14hCEST.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html#l-188'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:46:57)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:50:45 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2015-01-27-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>hcderaad (108)</li>
  <li>RobinEd (43)</li>
  <li>robjo (37)</li>
  <li>ddemaio (15)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
  <li>|miska| (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
