<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by hcderaad at 13:01:48 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Agenda</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-8'>hcderaad</a>, 13:02:33)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Travel Support Program</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-9'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Media coverage</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-10'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Audio/Video topics</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-11'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Status attendees</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-12'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Status talks</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-13'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Status OSEM talk listing feature</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-14'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Other points by participants</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-15'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Travel Support Program</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-17'>hcderaad</a>, 13:03:02)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">The TSP has received 16 requests for support so
    far. We (hcderaad and izabelvalverde) went over them this weekend
    and added some comments to the requests.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-18'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:03:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">When TSP requesters stay at the sleepover
    facility at the venue this will save quite a lot of money, which can
    then be used for others.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-19'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:03:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">There will be a second round for TSP, after
    that, travel support will be approved to the requesters.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-20'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:03:06)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://news.opensuse.org/2015/03/05/attending-osc15-find-out-the-visa-requirements/">https://news.opensuse.org/2015/03/05/attending-osc15-find-out-the-visa-requirements/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-32'>ddemaio_</a>,
    13:06:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">TSP second round will open in third week of
    march.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-42'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:07:41)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://events.opensuse.org/conference/osc15/register/edit">https://events.opensuse.org/conference/osc15/register/edit</a>
    &lt;-- I'm here <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-78'>cboltz</a>,
    13:14:20)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Audio/Video topics</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-88'>hcderaad</a>, 13:18:08)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Lars Vogdt approached us on the ML about the
    technicalities of the AV recording. He indicated he’d want a brief
    discussion about this.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-89'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:18:10)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">hcderaad will
    confirm having at least 10Mbit external upstream for live
    streams</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-151'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:26:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">hcderaad will
    confirm with venue the availability of a separate internal network
    for AV</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-153'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:26:57)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://bambuser.com/channel/opensusetv">http://bambuser.com/channel/opensusetv</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-160'>darix</a>,
    13:28:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Media coverage</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-210'>hcderaad</a>, 13:34:08)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">hcderaad and robined have started to follow up
    invitations to media partners again. So far not many have shown
    interest. The Dutch Linux Magazine is willing to provide us with
    swag.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-211'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:34:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We’re trying to involve more media partners,
    but we could certainly use some help.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-212'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:34:11)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">If anyone has good contacts in IT media, please
    bring them into contact with us.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-213'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:34:13)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status attendees</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-229'>hcderaad</a>, 13:41:45)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We’ve got 88 registered attendees, nice to see
    that more people are finding their way to the conference!</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-230'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:41:46)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">But we want more! So please keep promoting the
    event to your friends!</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-231'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:41:48)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status talks</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-232'>hcderaad</a>, 13:42:05)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We’ve got 61 submissions, most of the talks
    have been accepted and some have been confirmed as well.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-233'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:42:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We’re keeping the CfP open for now because we
    want more in depth talks.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-234'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:42:08)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status OSEM talk listing feature</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-236'>hcderaad</a>, 13:42:30)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">After last weeks IRC meeting ChrisBr went ahead
    on GitHub to create the requested talk listing feature, many thanks
    for that!!!</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-237'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:42:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">With this feature we’ll have a listing of talks
    which are accepted by the orga and confirmed by the speakers, but
    have not yet been scheduled.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-238'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:42:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">This is important because we don’t want to
    actually schedule talks until about 2 weeks before the conference,
    but we definitely do want to start promoting them.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-239'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:42:34)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Other points by participants</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-241'>hcderaad</a>, 13:43:05)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-278'>hcderaad</a>, 13:50:32)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Next meeting Monday 16th of March at 13h UTC /
    14h CEST</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html#l-280'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:50:34)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:51:42 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2015-03-09-13.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>hcderaad will confirm having at least 10Mbit external upstream for live streams</li>
  <li>hcderaad will confirm with venue the availability of a separate internal network for AV</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> hcderaad <ol>
    <li>hcderaad will confirm having at least 10Mbit external upstream for live streams</li>
    <li>hcderaad will confirm with venue the availability of a separate internal network for AV</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>hcderaad (157)</li>
  <li>kl_eisbaer (45)</li>
  <li>izabelvalverde (24)</li>
  <li>darix (19)</li>
  <li>cboltz (10)</li>
  <li>tigerfoot (10)</li>
  <li>Amey_India (7)</li>
  <li>ddemaio_ (7)</li>
  <li>orion_0 (6)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
  <li>Ada_Lovelace (2)</li>
  <li>henne (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
