=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by hcderaad at 13:00:02 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2015/opensuse-project.2015-03-03-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (hcderaad, 13:00:43)
  * Status proposals  (hcderaad, 13:00:44)
  * Feature request OSEM  (hcderaad, 13:00:46)
  * Status attendees  (hcderaad, 13:00:47)
  * Status hotels / sleepover  (hcderaad, 13:00:49)
  * Invites for visa  (hcderaad, 13:00:50)
  * Other points by participants  (hcderaad, 13:00:52)
  * Next meeting  (hcderaad, 13:00:53)

* Status proposals  (hcderaad, 13:03:08)
  * We’ve had a meeting with the program committee about the talks that
    have been proposed so far.  (hcderaad, 13:03:09)
  * It looks like we’re going to have a very broad and interesting
    program!  (hcderaad, 13:03:11)
  * We’ve accepted most of the talks and commented on some (which we’ll
    now have to follow up with the speakers)  (hcderaad, 13:03:12)
  * We’re looking in to ways to start promoting these talks, but
    unfortunately we’re having some issues with OSEM (see next agenda
    point).  (hcderaad, 13:03:14)
  * AGREED: Program committee, on scheduling, spread the sponsor talks
    (hcderaad, 13:06:36)

* Feature request OSEM  (hcderaad, 13:13:48)
  * We’d like to have the possibility of publishing a list of confirmed
    talks before they are scheduled.  (hcderaad, 13:13:50)
  * Currently, talks are only visible when they are scheduled, but since
    we are expecting quite a number of additional talks to come in in
    the coming weeks, we don’t want to start scheduling yet  (hcderaad,
    13:13:51)
  * We’ve opened an issue at github:
    https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/issues/610  (hcderaad, 13:13:53)
  * If any developer can pull this of in the next few days, we’re
    willing to sponsor him/her to come to the conference.  (hcderaad,
    13:13:54)
  * So, if anyone knows a talented Ruby programmer with an affinity with
    openSUSE and preferably OSEM, please get in touch with us.
    (hcderaad, 13:13:56)

* Status attendees and promotion  (hcderaad, 13:19:27)
  * We’ve reached 82 registed attendees!  (hcderaad, 13:19:28)
  * It’s not bad, but we feel that we really need more promotion, so
    please people, start using your personal contacts and social media
    channels to promote the conference!  (hcderaad, 13:19:30)

* Invites for visa  (hcderaad, 13:24:12)
  * We’ve received some requests for invitation letters for visa.
    (hcderaad, 13:24:14)
  * As RobinEd and myself (hcderaad) have no experience with this, we’re
    looking into this and strive to get the invites out this week.
    (hcderaad, 13:24:15)
  * Izabel Valverde and hcderaad will talk about this 4 march and get
    this up and running.  (hcderaad, 13:24:17)
  * LINK:
    https://github.com/openSUSE/artwork/tree/master/Marketing%20Materials/Events/openSUSE%20Conference/2015-oS-Conference
    (ddemaio_, 13:26:27)

* Other points by participants  (hcderaad, 13:28:53)
  * Any other points we haven’t covered so far?  (hcderaad, 13:28:55)
  * ACTION: Create news item about promotion materials for oSC and how
    to request them  (hcderaad, 13:31:20)

* Next meeting  (hcderaad, 13:35:35)
  * Because of the conference approaching fast, we’ll meet again next
    week.  (hcderaad, 13:35:36)
  * Next project meeting will be at Monday the 9th of March at 13 UTC
    and 14 CEST  (hcderaad, 13:35:37)



Meeting ended at 13:39:04 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* hcderaad (86)
* ddemaio_ (22)
* izabelvalverde (18)
* robjo (7)
* bugbot (2)
* Markow (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4