<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:00:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:00:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Jan 27 13:00:08 2015 UTC.  The chair is hcderaad. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:00:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:00:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi everybody! Welcome to another oSC Project meeting!
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:00:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Hi all
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:00:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Hi
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:00:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> hi
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:01:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi miska and ddemaio!
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:01:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> As usual we have an agenda for todays meeting:
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:01:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:01:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Current status proposed talks and tracks</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:01:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Invited speakers status</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:01:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Current status attendance registration</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:01:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Promotion on events (FOSDEM/Scale)</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:01:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Focus on call for team members</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:01:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Other points by participants</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:01:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We'll start with the first topic!
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:01:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Current status proposed talks and tracks</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:01:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There haven’t been a lot of new additions, we now have 27 proposed talks</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:01:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">This is obviously not enough to fill 4 rooms with high quality talks, we (robined and hcderaad) want to formalise internally that we keep the amount of talk rooms limited to 2 and add 1 devroom and 1 workshop/tutorial room. This will be our goal.</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">If more talks are proposed at a later time, we can always expand this.</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:01:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Talks committee will all attend FOSDEM, we’ll start formalising the currently registered talks there so that we can start announcing them.</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:02:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Does anyone have any input on this?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:02:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> How many proposals do we have at this time?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:03:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> see above :)
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:03:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> 27
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:03:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thanks, sorry, missed that
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:03:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> nopro
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:03:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> no problem, lots of #info in these meetings...
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:04:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> This is not something we want to shout out to the world, but we feel we need to establish some goals a little more concrete than we have done so far.
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:04:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I would suggest to directly approach some speakers we have had in the past
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:05:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I would also add trying to find more sponsors
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:05:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I have no objections to that, but I would like to see new topics.
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:05:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ddemaio, yes, we've coordinated with izabel valverde on that. But i am unsure how much time she has for this.
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:06:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I'll see what I can get at FOSDEM
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:06:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We should coordinate on FOSDEM anyway.
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Obviously not knowing who proposed what I'd suggest talks about "Recap, staging model, experience after 1 year" given by coolo
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I suspect henne or adrian already have a talk about OBS and what's new
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:07:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> They are obviously more than welcome to join in the fun!
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:07:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> A refresher about "writing osc plugins" would be great
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:07:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Michal has an OBS thing
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:07:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Michal already has a talk about OBS there.
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:08:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> osc plugins? What would that be?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:08:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> or even a workshop "the osc hello world plugin"
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:08:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Well, my talk should be different from Adrians what is new
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:08:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> good
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:09:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input is welcome at this time robjo, if you want to approach henne/adrian/anyone else, then please feel free to do so!
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:09:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> should we steer this back toward goals
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:09:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> No objection there.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:09:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> the direct contact should be made by one of the members of the commitee
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:10:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> on the topic of talks, I have not heard from SUSE if they want a keynote or not.
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:10:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> robjo, that's also fine by me, but input would be desirable.
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:10:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> SUSE did mention a keynote.
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:10:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So we are keeping a slot open for them
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:11:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We had several people sending us (robined and myself) emails with suggestions, we followed up on those. Please feel free to mail some more.
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:11:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> For now, our goal will be having 2 rooms with talks, one devroom and one tutorial/workshop room.
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:11:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> The difference between a talk and a workshops is that the latter is interactive and should require audience participation.
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:12:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Let's continue with the next topic.
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:12:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Invited speakers status</span>
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:12:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I would recommend trying to get other communities to be involved this year as well
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:12:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Last weekend hcderaad attended phpBenelux conf and local meetups, invited 4 speakers to do talks.</span>
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:12:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2 already confirmed (talks about Docker security and about Ansible).</span>
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:12:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2 others will probably have to be through video channel</span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:12:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There are some outstanding invites, hcderaad has done followup on them by email.</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:12:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">NLUUG, NLLGG and some local meetups have been requested to spread the word about the CfP as well. hcderaad will do follow up on this after FOSDEM.</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:12:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">keynote announced</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ddemaio, we're coordinating with the Kolab and Roundcube community obviously.
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:13:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We've invited FSFE en aforementioned organisations to the conf as well.
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:13:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Any other we want to reach out to
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:13:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Personally i have no problem inviting other communities to take part in our conference.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:14:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> But we did discuss this before and the sentiment of some was then that we should protect the openSUSE message we want to bring across
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:14:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> NLUUG is also invited, we will be promoting there as well
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:14:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> KDE is informed, but I haven't seen any confirmed kde contributors
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">13:14:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We should definitely make an effort at FOSDEM to inform and invite more. Like GNOME, LibreOffice, etc, etc.
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">13:15:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> true, but we also need some collaboration from other communities.
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">13:15:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> sounds good
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">13:16:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, summing up, we'll coordinate this at FOSDEM as well, that is obviously the place to get this done.
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">13:16:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Next topic then!
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">13:16:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Current status attendance registration</span>
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">13:16:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The counter is now at 43 participants. That’s not very good.</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">13:16:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We need to make an announcement about all current project members inviting colleagues/friends/etc/etc….</span>
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">13:16:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Will talk in person about this at FOSDEM, as discussion in the IRC sessions and ML doesnt seem to provide much result.</span>
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">13:17:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> hopefully we can use the social event to get some more team members and coordinate actions for them.
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">13:17:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> face to face should produce some results
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">13:19:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Someone needs to contact the TSP team they need to make an announcement about the process and when they start accepting applications
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">13:19:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> this should happen rather soon so people can start making plans
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">13:19:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> There's also no announcement yet about Hotels
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">13:20:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> the Hotels is a distinct local task and needs to be done urgently
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">13:20:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Izabel is contacted and she introduced Anna from SUSE, we will get that done this week.
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">13:21:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if you cannot negotiate special prices that's OK, at least recommendations need to be posted
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">13:21:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hotels have been requested for deals, but no responses yet. We can update the page with suggestions.
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">13:21:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Don't wait for the "business" cycle, i.e. for hotels to get back to you
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">13:22:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> robjo, not doing that, we've done follow up, but our time isnt exactly free either
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">13:22:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> the web site needs to have recommendations in close proximity, I for example have no idea about the size of The Hague and might end up staying on the other side of town
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">13:22:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> I understand
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">13:22:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We've been focussing on getting speakers to get more program done.
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">13:23:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> but you should be able to delegate something that can be handled from anywhere in the world and pick up something that can only be done by someone local
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">13:23:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> People can all use google maps and AirBNB, so yes, we will post suggestions, but our priorities are at the program right now.
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">13:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> We are currently chasing: FOSDEM, speakers, media for the conference announcement, hotels, industrial grade Wifi and A/V equipment.
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">13:23:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> That's something that can be done from anywhere in the world
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">13:24:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> exactly
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">13:24:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> robjo Well, if someone feels free to do so i have no objections.
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">13:24:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So far there isnt a lot of enthousiasm for that
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">13:24:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So it kind of boils down to us having to pick that up or it doesnt happen
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">13:24:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Which is obviously impacted by the amount of time we have available
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">13:24:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> but it's not all being done from anywhere else than NL, some notable exceptions aside (henne, ddmaio, kostas and a few others)O
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">13:24:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I am happy to help with the speaker stuff, but then someone needs to give me admin access to  oSC15 in osem or send me the current list of speakers and proposals so I don't send e-mails to people that already have a proposal
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">13:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> From my point of view the hotels are a top priority
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">13:25:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> talk with henne
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">13:25:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> robjo, that would definitely help. Ask henne for access.
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">13:26:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> i'm looking to see if i can add you in osem, but i think henne will have to do this
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">13:26:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> do you have proper access in Redmine, robjo?
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">13:26:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> people that are traveling will need to know where to stay, not knowing where to stay is a big blocker
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">13:26:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> robjo For us they are a high priority as well, but not paramount
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">13:26:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> I don't think I do, I can see the tasks
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">13:26:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> FOSDEM is currently our nr 1 prio
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">13:27:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> A big blocker for us in the past few weeks was initially the location. Now we can start working from that again.
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">13:27:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> but not mark stuff completed, at least that was the status when I checked last time
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">13:27:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> we go there Thursday evening
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">13:27:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> what user are you using?
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">13:27:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> I don't see you in there
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">13:27:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> rjschwei
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">13:28:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We really want to use FOSDEM to coordinate subtasks and to get everything more aligned.
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">13:28:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> ok robjo, i have added you there, can you try again?
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">13:28:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> progress.opensuse.org
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">13:29:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Well, FOSDEM is this weekend, can we set a goal to have Hotel information posted by the following week, i.e. no later than Feb 7th?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">13:29:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> no problem, we won't have all the details on deals yet but we will have some locations
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">13:29:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> robjo Lets drup this subject and go on to the next
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">13:29:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Promotion on events (FOSDEM/Scale)</span>
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">13:29:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Linux Magazine (NL - Dutch language) offered to give us some extra swag, and announce the conf.</span>
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">13:29:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We didnt have feedback from other news outlets yet, we’ll (robined and hcderaad) do a follow up later this week.</span>
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">13:29:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The social event on Saturday at FOSDEM should also be a nice place to get together and talk about the current status.</span>
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">13:31:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We should also have a coordinating session at FOSDEM
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">13:31:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Probably best to do that during the saturday?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">13:31:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Will propose this to the ML
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">13:31:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Or do you guys feel we should do this during the saturday openSUSE social?
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">13:32:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> we might get some new volunteers in then. hopefully we can then task them up :)
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">13:34:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> robjo Just took a look at the FAQ, this all dates from Thessaloniki.... Will delete that info and update it with at least something relevant.
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">13:34:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> is this the wiki?
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">13:34:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> that is hopelessly out of date
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">13:35:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> All info is from osc13.....
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">13:35:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> kostas said he would update it, but I think he's copy pastad
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">13:36:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> He did update some pieces, but obviously not all
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">13:36:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Cant blame him, he wont know most of the local details.
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">13:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'll do a follow up on that today to make sure no old content is there and so that we can update as required.
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">13:37:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Apparently not a lot of input on this, we'll carry on?
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">13:38:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">13:38:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Sorry got interrupted
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">13:38:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> welcome back!
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">13:38:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> hi again
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">13:39:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Focus on call for team members</span>
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">13:39:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We need more people! This is also something we will discuss at FOSDEM.</span>
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">13:40:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> if you build it, they will come
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">13:40:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> hahahaha
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">13:40:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> When you go through the list of people needed, keep inmind that last year we managed fine without having a "chair" person for each room
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">13:41:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> ok. but we need AV people for each room
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">13:41:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yeah, thanks. We'll need av people
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">13:41:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> or at least 2/3 rooms, as we're having 1 devroom
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">13:42:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> don't know if there are any workshops that need AV
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">13:42:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Well, A/V is nice to have
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">13:42:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Just updated the wiki
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">13:42:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> https://en.opensuse.org/Conference_FAQ_2015
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">13:42:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We really want to at least record all sessions
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">13:42:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if we do not record and broadcast around the world it is a step back but not the end of the world ;)
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">13:42:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if we don't have people for registration that's a much bigger problem
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">13:43:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> True, but if we keep the amount of talk rooms limited, it should definitely possible.
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">13:43:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We really need more people anyway....
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">13:43:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Attendees and registrations....
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">13:43:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> and talks and volunteers
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">13:43:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So people, please, spread the word1
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">13:43:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> !
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">13:43:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> but i'm not too worried for the amount of time left to D-day
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">13:44:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> most will book as last minute as possible, in my experience
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">13:44:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> but the more we have now, the less stress close to the conf itself
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">13:44:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agree </span><span class="cmdline">robined</span>
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">13:44:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Also keep in mind that everyone that gets sponosred through TSP is expected to help with whatever is needed during the event, thus this will also bring "volunteers" ;)
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">13:45:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> robjo valid point, we're counting on that!
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">13:45:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> that's a Good Thing (tm) robjo :)
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">13:45:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> But in general, we need every geeko to start promoting the event asap!
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">13:45:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">13:45:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any other points?
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">13:45:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Other points by participants</span>
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">13:45:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We need every Geeko to show up!
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">13:45:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> YEAH!
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">13:46:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> That would be nice as well! The venue can certainly take it! :-)
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">13:46:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, on to the last point then, the next meeting!
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">13:46:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">13:46:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The next meeting in person will be at FOSDEM, we’ll send a summary of the points discussed to the project ml. The next IRC meeting will be Monday 9th februari 13h UTC / 14hCEST.</span>
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">13:47:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> see you at FOSDEM then!
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">13:47:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> cheers
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">13:47:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> thanks RobinEd and hcderaad
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">13:47:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> you also robjo
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">13:47:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> will you also be at FOSDEM?
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">13:47:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> likewisse, looking forward to FOSDEM!
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">13:48:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I'll bring the beer
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">13:48:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Good man!
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">13:48:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> awesome
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">13:48:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> I'll bring the cheer
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">13:48:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I will not be at FOSDEM
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">13:49:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> shame, would be nice to meet f2f, hopefully there will be another opportunity
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">13:49:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> robjo, perhaps we can do a hangout?
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">13:49:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Lets coordinate that throug email
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">13:50:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Bye everybody!
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">13:50:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> That'll depend on the time, but my weekend is pretty open at he moment. Considering that we are getting inundated with snow right now there will certainly not be much activity this weekend from my side ;)
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">13:50:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Happy snowplowing, we'll get in touch then!
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">13:50:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> cool... see you all then
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">13:50:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
