=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by hcderaad at 13:00:13 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2015/opensuse-project.2015-02-23-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (hcderaad, 13:00:25)
  * Current progress sponsors  (hcderaad, 13:00:27)
  * Current status attendee and talk registrations  (hcderaad, 13:00:28)
  * Program committee  (hcderaad, 13:00:30)
  * Hotel/sleep locations  (hcderaad, 13:00:31)
  * Other points by participants  (hcderaad, 13:00:33)
  * Next meeting  (hcderaad, 13:00:34)

* Current progress sponsors  (hcderaad, 13:02:01)
  * We have our first sponsor, many thanks to ARM!  (hcderaad, 13:02:02)
  * Izabel Valverde is active with the sponsorship recruitment, anyone
    who has suggestions/leads to persue, please let us know!  (hcderaad,
    13:02:04)

* Current status attendee and talk registrations  (hcderaad, 13:06:22)
  * The conference is picking up steam, we are almost at 80 registered
    attendees!  (hcderaad, 13:06:24)
  * Once again, call to all involved to spread the news about the
    conference!  (hcderaad, 13:06:25)
  * Talks are at 53. We’re in communication with several other open
    source communities (like Diaspora, KDE, GNOME, Jitsi, etc) to get
    them to the conference  (hcderaad, 13:06:27)

* Program committee  (hcderaad, 13:07:11)
  * We currently have 53 proposed talks (and ~5 invited speakers who
    haven’t confirmed yet)  (hcderaad, 13:07:13)
  * We’re trying to have a meeting of the program committee (Doug
    DeMaio, Kostas Koudaras, Robin Edgar and Hans de Raad) later ths
    week  (hcderaad, 13:07:14)
  * We already communicated some of the talks in our FOSDEM wrap up
    (hcderaad, 13:07:16)
  * More will follow. We invite all participants/team members to promote
    this talking opportunity in their networks!  (hcderaad, 13:07:17)

* Hotel/sleep locations  (hcderaad, 13:12:28)
  * We have 1 hotel with a special rate, we’re still waiting on
    confirmation on the idea to have a sleeping location at the venue.
    (hcderaad, 13:12:29)
  * The delay for this is caused by the fact that the local fire
    department has to inspect the venue for this purpose.  (hcderaad,
    13:12:31)
  * We expect this to happen this week, if not, then we’ll arrange a
    cheap alternative asap.  (hcderaad, 13:12:32)

* Other points by participants  (hcderaad, 13:14:06)
  * ACTION: hcderaad update website with hotel info  (hcderaad,
    13:15:29)

* Next meeting  (hcderaad, 13:21:23)
  * Next IRC meeting will be Tuesday 3rd of March at 13h UTC / 14h CEST
    (hcderaad, 13:21:25)



Meeting ended at 13:22:47 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* hcderaad
  * hcderaad update website with hotel info



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* hcderaad (69)
* robjo (7)
* skiarxon (5)
* bugbot (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4