<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:00:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:00:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Mon Jan 12 13:00:05 2015 UTC.  The chair is hcderaad. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:00:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:00:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">First of all: A very happy 2015 everybody!</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:00:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We have an agenda for today:
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:00:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Location issues</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:00:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Talks registered</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Attendee registration</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:00:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">FOSDEM and SCALE promotion</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:00:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Other points by participants</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:00:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And first of all apologies for the very late reminder about this meeting.
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:01:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Next meetings I will give you a reminder at least 2 days before the meetings.
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:02:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> First point on the agenda then.
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:02:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Location</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:02:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The past weeks have been very busy for RobinEd and myself (hcderaad) because of a possible issue regarding the current venue (BINk36).</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:02:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We have managed to secure an option on an alternative location in The Hague.</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The board has been informed about this and has a meeting today in which this will be discussed.</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:02:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">This has resulted in a delay on some of the open issues in progress.opensuse.org</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:02:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">At this moment not a lot can be said about this, the board needs to make a decision first.</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any questions about this/
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:02:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:04:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> huh?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:05:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what happened?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:05:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi Henne
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:05:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> hey hans :)
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:05:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> There is an unclear situation with BINK36.
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:05:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And just to be on the safe side Robin and I have approached an alternative location.
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:05:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> whats the situation?
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:06:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We heard about this recently and wanted to have a valid alternative before sounding the alarm.
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:06:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> The situation is that the venue is currently owned by Vestia.
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:06:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Which is a social housing corporation.
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:06:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> They have put the venue up for sale recently and now they have apparently found a buyer.
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:06:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Both parties don't want to formalize the contract with us until the sale is done.
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:07:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> But they cant give a time line for this.
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:07:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> uh
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:07:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:07:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I see
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:07:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We think it would not be a good idea to wait any longer on formalizing the contract.
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:07:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So we approached another venue which responded to our quotation request just after BINK36 was selected.
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:08:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:08:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> is it far from bink36?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:08:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> The board has a meeting about this today and I think we should wait on their decision.
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:08:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Not that far, 1 trainstop and a couple of buses also go past it.
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:09:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:09:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Lets make that a bit clearer
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Either you take the train from the hague central or you can take several buslines.
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:09:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but its in the general area of bink36?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:10:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Not exactly, different town called Voorburg, but geographically not that far.
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:10:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> By bike it's about a 10 minute ride between the locations.
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:10:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I'm asking because we already have 30 registrations which means that some people might already have booked hotels
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:10:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yup, i understand.
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:10:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> From the city center of The Hague it's approx 15 min by public transport.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:11:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Or by bike it's about 10 (rental bikes are available at almost all trainstations for a couple of euro's per day).
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:11:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:11:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> This is obviously not something we want to have to deal with atm, but Robin and I feel this is a very valid alternative location.
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:11:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Kolab Systems already accepted the change.
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:12:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> you're on the ground. your decision :)
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:12:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks, let's see how the board responds. Any other questions about this?
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:13:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> not from me
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:14:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, since we appear to have a solo meeting then i will continue with the agenda!
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:14:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Talks registered</span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:14:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Good news! We already have some (7) talks proposed!</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:14:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The program committee will consist of warlordfff (Kostas Koudaras), Douglas Demaio, Robin Edgar and myself (hcderaad).</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:14:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We should rate these proposals asap and prepare an announcement about them, hcderaad will contact committee members by mail.</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:14:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input on this?
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:15:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Sorry I am late, bad traffic today
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:15:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi Robert, no problem!
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:15:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Did your IRC client gave you a little history? We've just covered the location issue.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:15:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Has the board already spoken about this?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:15:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> submissions didn't go up from the announcement
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:16:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We have a board meeting today, it is on the agenda
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">13:16:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> people haven't noticed
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">13:16:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> no history in the IRC client
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">13:16:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> Ok, weve just started with the second agenda point (after the location) which is about the already registered talks (7)
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">13:17:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We can make a nice announcement of these talks after we've approved them.
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">13:17:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I will contact the program team members (Kostas, Douglas, Robin and myself) about this.
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">13:17:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> So we need more publicity!
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">13:18:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">13:18:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Those 7 aside, i've recently spoken to 5 potential speakers, some are finalizing their proposals and should register them in the next few weeks.
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">13:19:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any questions or input on this?
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">13:20:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> There's also the customary "live project meeting/town hall meeting". I will submit that today so we do not loose track of it.
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">13:20:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, thanks!
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">13:20:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And the board keynote?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">13:20:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Yes, the board will do the opening keynote
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">13:21:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I will also submit a session for that today
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">13:21:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, great thanks!
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">13:21:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> just as a hint
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">13:21:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> yes?
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">13:22:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> for oSC13 and oSC14 we had ~30 submissions in this timeframe
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">13:22:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, that sounds like an area we should definitely work on.
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">13:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> NLUUG has also offered to promote our conference to their speaker portfolio
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">13:22:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'll contact them today to get them to start that as well.
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">13:23:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Great
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">13:23:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Do we want to offer one of the keynotes to SUSE?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">13:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think we should
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">13:23:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I obviously dont have a problem with that, but that will limit the option for outsider keynotes to only 1, and that i find a bit thin....
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">13:24:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Speakers from outside of the community have the potential to also attrackt more newcomers.
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">13:24:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And a famous keynote speaker from outside the oS community gives quite a lot of publicity.
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">13:24:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> newcomers shouldn't be the main focus
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">13:25:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we need to get the existing community to the event
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">13:25:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Well we can always schedule a "joint session" in the middle of the day, thus it is like a keynote it is just not at the beginning of the day
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">13:25:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Well, not necessarily the main focus, but we shouldnt ignore them as well.
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">13:25:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> +1
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">13:25:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I like the concept of a joint session.
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">13:25:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I will send an e-mail to people at SUSE to see if there is interest
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">13:25:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And i also agree we need to mobilize the existing community, but for that i would also like to have a bit more insight on why they actually dropped of the radar in previous confs.
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">13:26:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Did we actually do some research on that topic? If you want to approach people, you need to know where to look for them...
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">13:26:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> as the last conf is nearly a year gone you won't get that insight
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">13:26:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I can tell you my guesses
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">13:26:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> But do we at least have an idea where they went? And yes, please do tell!
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">13:27:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> sorry all. I was in a meeting
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">13:27:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi Doug, welcome!
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">13:27:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Well, I would say that the turmoil we had did not help keep the community engaged ;)
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">13:27:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes and we have focused on newcomers
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">13:28:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> which makes this very unattractive for people already there
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">13:28:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> In what way did we focus on newcomers henne? Talks/program/communication?
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">13:28:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> all of the above :)
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">13:29:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Anyway, we need to drive more community awareness, this also implies more traffic on the -project ML is needed
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">13:29:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, so any ideas on how to reach the existing community better than we do now?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">13:29:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> play the channels we have
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">13:29:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> So far the MLs have been very quiet about the conference
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">13:30:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> news.opensuse.org, mailinglists, forums, IRC, twitter/facebook
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">13:30:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Regarding the ML, i will definitely communicate more on the list about the conference. But from the organizational point of view we dont want too much decision making or issue handling being done on those.
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">13:30:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Because its untrackable.
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">13:30:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So i do agree we should do more announcements and call for actions there.
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">13:30:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and repeat them
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">13:31:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and talk to people directly
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">13:31:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Perhaps we can start by mailing request for participation on open tickets to the ml every couple of days with new issues in them?
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">13:31:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Discussions about the organization should take place on the -conference ML that does not necessarily mean the final decision is made there, but it gives people an opportunity to voice the opinion and get heard
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">13:31:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> participation in the organization and participating in the event are two different beasts
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">13:31:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> maybe you should send the CfP to the -factory ML so that it reaches the "technical" people (maybe not everybody reads -project)
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">13:32:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> cboltz Thats a nice idea, thanks!
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">13:32:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and need to be handled differently
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">13:32:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If everything happens via private e-mail people have no way of becoming involved and thus there is no enthusiasm about the event
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">13:33:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> robjo Not that much has happened via private email, most was done in IRC meetings, and through progress (and a number of wiki pages). And there have been some private hangouts.
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">13:34:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne There is indeed a big difference in approach between getting people involved in the organization and getting people to attend the event.
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">13:34:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> in this respect progress and wiki pages, while public, they present a "hurdle" to knowledge
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">13:34:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Perhaps we could do a periodic issue progress digest mail to the mailing lists, because i fully understand not everyone wants to follow the current tools.
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">13:34:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> ML traffic just arrives all other channels require "effort"
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">13:35:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> +1, the mail should probably go out in the weeks where there is no meeting
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">13:35:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> thus every week there is at least 1 message about the event on the list
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">13:35:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> although that's not really enough but its a start
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">13:35:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">hcderaad Make biweekly issue progress digests to the mailinglists.</span>
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">13:36:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> robjo I agree, so feel free to come up with more ideas! :-) I'll try and think of some myself.
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">13:36:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I also will ask Douglas to send a mail to the ML on all public announcements.
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">13:37:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">ddemaio send mail to project mailinglists on public announcements</span>
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">13:38:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> If there are any other ideas about this let's use the project ML to discuss them.
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">13:38:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'd like to move forward to the next agenda point.
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">13:39:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I will skip the point on the attendee registration since we've pretty much just covered that just now.
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">13:39:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Attendee registration</span>
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">13:39:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">More good news! We already have approx 30 attendees!</span>
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">13:39:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We hope that once we’ve started communicating more in the next few weeks this will increase!</span>
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">13:39:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">FOSDEM and SCALE promotion</span>
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">13:39:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Robert Schweikert made a request for promotion materials to the artwork team for these conferences.</span>
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">13:39:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Anditosan responded with a couple of questions.</span>
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">13:39:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We are awaiting the board decision about the location before proceeding on this.</span>
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">13:39:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So FOSDEM and SCALE promotion!
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">13:39:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input on that?
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">13:39:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The flyers I had said BINK36, so they don't work
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">13:39:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I'll need to create some new onesw
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">13:40:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We should definitely drop the naming of the location indeed. Let's for now keep it to The Hague NL.
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">13:41:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Not  a problem.
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">13:42:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, great!
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">13:42:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Douglas, who will print the flyers, will SUSE do that?
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">13:42:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I will do that
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">13:42:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Great, thanks!
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">13:42:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I will bring a lot of general openSUSE stuff to FOSDEM as well.
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">13:43:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We can cover the flyers through the local reimbursement program if need be
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">13:43:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I've recently visited Jos Poortvliet in Berlin and he gave me a flag, some flyers and some other stuff.
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">13:43:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Just to let you know the news annoucement had 538 clicks on social media
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">13:43:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> That doesnt sound that bad, how does that relate to our other announcements?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">13:43:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> for promotion at SCaLe we should definitely do that, ask Drew to have them printed locally in LA and get it paid through the local reimbursement program
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">13:44:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I have a meeting with Drew tonight. I'll bring it up
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">13:45:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> thanks
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">13:45:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Would there be any interest in organizing some kind of openSUSE social event around FOSDEM?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">13:46:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> In 2012 we had a very nice dinner with approx 20 openSUSE community participants in a restaurant in Brussels.
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">13:46:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'd very much like to repeat that experience, it was a lot of fun!
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">13:47:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Well this shouldn't be more than printing a flyer and announcing a location near FOSDEM, thus this should be relatively easy
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">13:47:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;coolo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> you would think - and then plinnell takes over organizing it...
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">13:50:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Lets talk about this on the ML then.
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">13:50:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Other points by participants</span>
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">13:50:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Are there any urgent points for the last 10 minutes of this meeting?
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">13:53:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Everyone needs to make more noise about oSC starting today
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">13:53:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> Definitely!
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">13:53:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'll carry on to the last point then, the next meetings!
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">13:54:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">13:54:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and we need to have a plan about this
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">13:54:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Because of the urgency regarding the current issues with regards to the location and the preparation for FOSDEM/SCALE we are increasing the frequency of the meetings.</span>
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">13:54:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Reminder to self (hcderaad) about sending out earlier reminders about these meetings.</span>
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">13:54:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The next IRC meetings will be Monday the 19th of January at 13h UTC and Tuesday the 27th of January at 13h UTC.</span>
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">13:56:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Yep, that sounds desirable. For now I would like to suggest everyone that participated today to try and reach as many familiar contacts as they can (through mail/social media/etc) to at least get them aware of the conf. Lets work out something a bit more concrete for next meeting.
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">13:56:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Next week I will be in Provo UT, that is another 2 hours behind, i.e. the meeting would be at 6:00 A.M. I will most likely not make it.
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">13:57:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> Ok i can somehow imagine...
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">13:57:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Lets keep in touch trough email/mailinglists then.
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">13:57:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any other input?
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">13:57:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Anyone?
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">13:58:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> In that case, I'd like to thank everyone for participating! I will send the meeting minutes to the project mailinglist directly after ending the meeting.
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">14:00:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
