===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE project meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by robjo at 15:06:36 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2015/opensuse-project.2015-02-04-15.06.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* shall the project meeting be moved?  (robjo, 15:11:22)
  * tigerfoot and miska have conflicts at the present time slot, both
    are members of the board, should we find a new slot that is more
    suitable?  (robjo, 15:12:13)
  * ACTION: tigerfoot to set up a poll about the project meeting time
    (robjo, 15:23:56)
  * we need additional helpers for SCaLE  (robjo, 15:26:29)
  * openSUSE mini-Summit will take place in conjuction with SCaLE Feb
    19th and booth will run on 21-22 Feb Hilton LAX  (robjo, 15:27:16)
  * TSP is open for helpers  (robjo, 15:27:30)
  * contact Bruno Friedmann tigerfoot (at) opensuse (dot) org or Drew
    Adams druonysus (at) opensuse (dot) org  (tigerfoot, 15:29:51)

* oSC15  (robjo, 15:30:37)
  * there will be an openSUSE sponsored bus from the SUSE office in
    Nuremberg to oSC 15 in The Hague  (robjo, 15:33:05)
  * if you want to be on the bus, get a hold of Doug  (robjo, 15:34:01)
  * Anyone willing to run a "hacking contest" at oSC15?  (robjo,
    15:41:23)
  * see comments from cboltz about the idea  (robjo, 15:41:41)

* free for all  (robjo, 15:43:13)



Meeting ended at 15:45:16 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* tigerfoot
  * tigerfoot to set up a poll about the project meeting time



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* robjo (53)
* tigerfoot (32)
* cboltz (8)
* henne (8)
* anaumov (2)
* bugbot (2)
* ganglia (2)
* ganglia_ (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4