<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:01:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:01:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Mon Mar  9 13:01:48 2015 UTC.  The chair is hcderaad. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:01:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:01:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi all!
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:01:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Welcome to another openSUSE Conference 2015 meeting!
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:02:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> As usual we have an agenda for todays meeting!
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> If anyone has other points to discuss, we can do so at the last point.
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:02:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:02:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Travel Support Program</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:02:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Media coverage</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:02:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Audio/Video topics</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Status attendees</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:02:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Status talks</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:02:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Status OSEM talk listing feature</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:02:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Other points by participants</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:02:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'm going to start with the first topic on the agenda!
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:03:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Travel Support Program</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:03:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The TSP has received 16 requests for support so far. We (hcderaad and izabelvalverde) went over them this weekend and added some comments to the requests.</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:03:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">When TSP requesters stay at the sleepover facility at the venue this will save quite a lot of money, which can then be used for others.</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:03:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There will be a second round for TSP, after that, travel support will be approved to the requesters.</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:03:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input on this?
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:03:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> not from my side :)
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:03:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> neither me.
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:03:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> when will the second round open?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:04:07 </span><span class="nka">* cboltz</span> <span class="ac">was too busy with upstream AppArmor patches and forgot to apply</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:04:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I expect somewhere next week, but that is up to the TSP team, will try to get confirmation on that asap
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:04:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> cboltz Fair enough, please contact Izabel Valverde (and cc me)!
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:04:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:05:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> sleepover facility at the venue = How to give/get confirmation on this pls?
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:05:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Amey_India:</span> linked to the need of visa I guess?
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:05:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> = Yes + to avoid last minute availiblity issue :-)
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> https://news.opensuse.org/2015/03/05/attending-osc15-find-out-the-visa-requirements/
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Here! Sorry the late join
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Amey, you can register this in your attendee registration
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:06:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi Izabel!
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:06:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Question for you and the TSP team, when will the second round open?
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:06:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> Thanks.
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> moin izabelvalverde
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:07:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> hey ;)
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:07:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> The plan is to open again in 2 weeks
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:07:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, thanks
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:07:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">TSP second round will open in third week of march.</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:07:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any other questions regarding this subject?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:08:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> ok, that saves me a mail ;-)
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We love efficiency
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:08:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> After talk to you I had a meetng with the TSP Team and we all agree about sleepover at the venue
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:08:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> izabel, great ok!
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:09:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> We will save a lot of money and support more people ;)
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:09:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> The more the better! We'll have at least 50 beds available!
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:09:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> btw the approvals will be send today
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:09:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> are these "complete" beds or do we have to bring something with us?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:10:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> They should be complete including blankets
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Hans can you tell us how is the place? a bit more detailed?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:10:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:10:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> It's pretty much a big hall in which a lot of beds will be placed
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:10:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> With some room dividers
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:10:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> There will be showers and sanitary facilities
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And coffee
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Campus Party mode :D
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:10:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Or perhaps tea!
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:10:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> black tea ;)
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:10:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Indeed, let's do an openSUSE Camping :-)!
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:11:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any other questions?
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:11:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> 1
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:11:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Shoot
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:11:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> the distance and time between Amsterdam and Rotterdam to Den Haag
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:12:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Both ~ 30 minutes by train
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:12:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> how much?
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:12:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Aprrox E 10,-
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:12:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ok 2  question then :P
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:12:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> where / how can I reserve a sleepover bed?
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:13:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> and distance from Brussels too pls and possible frequency of bus transport from Brussels to Den Haag..
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">13:13:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> You can register at the website when you register for the conference
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">13:13:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Brussels is about 1,5/2h by train
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">13:13:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Costs about E 50,- one way
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">13:14:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> hmm, I already registered some weeks ago, but don't see anything about sleepover on the "edit registration" page. Am I blind? ;-)
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">13:14:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> https://events.opensuse.org/conference/osc15/register/edit  &lt;-- I'm here
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">13:15:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> cboltz cool!
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">13:15:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> you might have found a bug
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">13:15:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> you should know   if username == "cboltz" { s/might // } ;-)
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">13:16:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">13:16:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, I'd like to continue to the next subject. Any pressing issues?
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">13:17:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> so should I un-register and register again? Or do you prefer a bugreport (where?) and I wait until it's fixed?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">13:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> No you should be able to edit the registration you've already made.
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">13:17:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I will confirm this with Henne
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">13:18:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Nest topic!
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">13:18:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Audio/Video topics</span>
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">13:18:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Lars Vogdt approached us on the ML about the technicalities of the AV recording. He indicated he’d want a brief discussion about this.</span>
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">13:18:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Is Lars "in the house"?
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">13:18:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> jip, I'm here ;-)
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">13:18:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi Lars!
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">13:18:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input on this?
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">13:18:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> Hi! Well, during the last conferences, some members from my team helped out with the organisation and also the recording during the conference
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">13:19:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> I just want to know if this should be done also during this conference
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">13:19:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yes please! :-)
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">13:19:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> or if you have something organized yourself ;-)
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">13:19:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> you haven't told me details about the sleepover yet. so this question isn't live...
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">13:19:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ^^ and they did such a wonderful job!!!
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">13:19:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> then I've a couple of questions - and hope my other team members will join me
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">13:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne Ok, sorry for the misunderstanding, will email you today...
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">13:19:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Lars, shoot!
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">13:20:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> first of all: what is the network bandwidth capacity you have available at the venue ?
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">13:20:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Internal?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">13:20:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Normal 100MBit LAN
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">13:20:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> especially to the outside
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">13:20:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Outside we're trying to pump it to also 100Mbit 2way
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">13:20:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> internal is also interesting - but to the outside it is interesting if we want to stream out live
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">13:20:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> But for video out stream we can probably have a dedicated line
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">13:20:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We can setup a separate AV/Speaker network and have the public wifi separated.
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">13:21:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> that would indeed be very welcome: last times we even had a dedicated VLAN inside the venue and streamed from there to the outside
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">13:21:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> yes, this sounds like what we did in the past :-)
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">13:21:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, I'll take that up with the venue and get that confirmed in the next week.
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">13:22:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yeah, using the same network with QoS is a recipe for packet loss.....
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">13:22:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> the question is: can we get chopper ports near by the video equipment
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">13:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So we want that stuff separate
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">13:22:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> (s/chopper/copper/ ;-) so instead of using WLAN at all for the video recording, going via standard network would be good
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">13:22:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Is that for av bridging?
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">13:22:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">13:22:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ah copper
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">13:23:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks, I was puzzled....
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">13:23:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">13:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We should have that yes.
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">13:23:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> just for the record: we are normally having at least 2 machines (normally even 3 or 4) connected to that internal network (via simple room switch)
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">13:23:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Who'll provide that machinery?
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">13:23:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We can do the simple room switch
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">13:23:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> and somewhere else a "video converting server" that does the converting
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">13:23:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> But do you have camera/etc stuff?
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">13:24:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> yes
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">13:24:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> meanwhile we (SUSE) should have at least 3 complete set's including some backups
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">13:24:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> all nicely boxed up too
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">13:24:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> Yes we'll bring the machinery or yes thats a good question?
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">13:24:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> Awesome!!!
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">13:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> so we should be able to stream from 3 rooms, if nothing breaks
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">13:24:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> That should be enough.
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">13:24:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> For now
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">13:25:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> will we have a google doc or something to  determine the rest of the responsibilities?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">13:25:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We're aiming for 2 rooms atm with possible breakout facility.
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">13:25:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> a live-stream (that's what we need the good external bandwidth)
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">13:25:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> orion_0 We're using progress.opensuse.org to keep track of tasks
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">13:25:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> and after the conversion on the server, we can upload during night to youtube and so on
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">13:25:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Lars, what's the minimum? 10MBit?
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">13:25:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> in the past, the minimum was 100MBit
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">13:25:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> For live upstream? Wow, are we doing 1080p per room?
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">13:25:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> but for the live stream 10MBit should also work, if there is not so much other traffic
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">13:26:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> naw
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">13:26:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Lars, ok thanks!
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">13:26:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> just 640x480
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">13:26:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> Last year we have done that in the evening after the last talks.
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">13:26:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> it's the upload of the full videos to youtube that needs more - but that can be done over night
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">13:26:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">hcderaad will confirm having at least 10Mbit external upstream for live streams</span>
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">13:26:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ada_Lovelace:</span> yes - the question to me is: do we want to do live-streams - or is it enough to push the videos afterward
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">13:26:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">hcderaad will confirm with venue the availability of a separate internal network for AV</span>
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">13:27:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> both?
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">13:27:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Do we have any stats on the  livestream usage?
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">13:27:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> another point: if the venue has not enough bandwidth - we might setup a mirror server for the openSUSE distribution and the update trees to save some bandwidth
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">13:27:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> good idea
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">13:27:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yeah, we had that idea as well, do you have equipment for that?
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">13:27:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> especially if we do packaging workshops - a transparent proxy as default gateway might also help
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">13:28:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> http://bambuser.com/channel/opensusetv
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">13:28:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yup!
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">13:28:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> Thanks
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">13:28:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> we can try to organize something - atm there is IMHO some time left to search for equipment
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">13:28:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> But I dont see live video stats
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">13:28:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> they are mentioned
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">13:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> next to each video
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">13:28:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> can you clarify if we can "own" the network to run DHCP, DNS and so on and play the default gateway?
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">13:28:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Lars, please do, would be great if you guys could handle the equipment in general
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">13:29:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> My take is upload the video
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">13:29:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> that would make it easier to run a transparent proxy
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">13:29:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> that seemed to be successful at SCaLE
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">13:29:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We have our own network. Own DNS/DHCP/etc. So yes.
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">13:29:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> in that case (if we handle the equipment), we might need to go there at least a day earlier to do the setup stuff
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">13:29:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> You're very welcome!
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">13:29:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We can arrange for sleepover etc for that.
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">13:30:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> but I hope you have Wifi equipment at hand ?
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">13:30:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And coffee
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">13:30:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> coffee (and tea for darix) is very welcome ;-)
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">13:30:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> the peak was 1149 people watching live
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">13:30:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We will hopefully have a prof Wifi set from NLUUG
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">13:30:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Tea should work
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">13:30:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> wow......
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">13:30:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We should do livestream
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">13:30:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> interestingly, most people sit in one talk and watch the other via video ;-)
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">13:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So we should have a local cache for the video
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">13:31:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> when does the conference program begin?
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">13:31:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> black tea :P
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">13:31:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> friday morning?
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">13:31:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> 1 may
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">13:31:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> really starts or just "welcome" day?
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">13:31:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Black tea, green tea, herbal tea, mushroom tea (results may vary), it is Holland after all
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">13:31:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> 1 may really starts
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">13:31:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> I will search for my old papers about the setup of the other venues
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">13:31:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So yes, Friday morning.
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">13:31:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kl_eisbaer:</span> Great thanks!
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">13:31:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> great! thank you
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">13:31:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> should we discuss the infrastructure via PM or on the conference mailing list ?
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">13:31:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> PM please
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">13:32:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> ok. then we should plan for arriving on tue/wed for set up
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">13:32:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> If we have a plan, then we'll put that on the ML and in Redmine
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">13:32:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> That can be done
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">13:32:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> ok, thanks
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">13:32:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> i arrive on thursday,so i can help with the set up
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">13:32:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> than we probably can not come with the bus from Nuremberg .-/
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">13:33:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> I will try to clarify if we rent a small truck ;-) or if we can sent the equipment in front ot the venue
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">13:33:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ok, we will figure it out
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">13:33:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Let's work out the details later to keep a little track of time. Thanks all for your input on this, looks great! Next topic then?
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">13:33:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> next!
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">13:33:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> can you add "lrupp" as developer to the progress page ?
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">13:34:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Media coverage</span>
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">13:34:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">hcderaad and robined have started to follow up invitations to media partners again. So far not many have shown interest. The Dutch Linux Magazine is willing to provide us with swag.</span>
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">13:34:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We’re trying to involve more media partners, but we could certainly use some help.</span>
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">13:34:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">If anyone has good contacts in IT media, please bring them into contact with us.</span>
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">13:34:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Lars:</span> sure
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">13:35:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> lrupp is now developer in Redmine
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">13:35:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input on the media ideas? We'd really like some more exposure!
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">13:35:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> twitter and fc of course
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">13:35:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> *Facebook
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">13:36:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Our request is that everyone plugs this conf through their own channels, please help! :-)
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">13:36:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> how about making a few articles and send them to IT blogs or news pages??
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">13:36:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Jos can help us on media partners
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">13:36:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> he did the contacts in the past
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">13:36:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Good idea, I'll mail him!
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">13:38:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> But the message is pretty clear, Robert Schweikert also confirmed this, we're definitely also looking for new people from outside the regular openSUSE Community, so anyone with any interest in open source in general is very welcome!
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">13:39:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> Is it possible to record any video's show casing oSC15 preview inc venue? Like we had at oSC13?
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">13:40:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> orion_0 We already have quite a steady stream of news articles (thanks to Doug DeMaio and Kostas Koudaras!) on news.opensuse.org
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">13:40:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Please feel free to forward these to other outlets!
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">13:41:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We'll continue with the next topic
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">13:41:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status attendees</span>
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">13:41:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We’ve got 88 registered attendees, nice to see that more people are finding their way to the conference!</span>
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">13:41:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">But we want more! So please keep promoting the event to your friends!</span>
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">13:42:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status talks</span>
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">13:42:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We’ve got 61 submissions, most of the talks have been accepted and some have been confirmed as well.</span>
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">13:42:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We’re keeping the CfP open for now because we want more in depth talks.</span>
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">13:42:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> For the sake of time, we'll continue with the next topic.
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">13:42:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status OSEM talk listing feature</span>
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">13:42:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">After last weeks IRC meeting ChrisBr went ahead on GitHub to create the requested talk listing feature, many thanks for that!!!</span>
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">13:42:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">With this feature we’ll have a listing of talks which are accepted by the orga and confirmed by the speakers, but have not yet been scheduled.</span>
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">13:42:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">This is important because we don’t want to actually schedule talks until about 2 weeks before the conference, but we definitely do want to start promoting them.</span>
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">13:43:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So anything else?
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">13:43:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Other points by participants</span>
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">13:44:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> not from me
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">13:44:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> that packaging work shop might take some time. but we will see when i have the outline done ;)
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">13:45:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> approximately when the invitation letters will be rolled out? [for visa purpose]
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">13:46:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> I guess we can extend the "packaging workshop" to a "packaging track" over a whole day
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">13:46:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> please keep us posted, looks like a very interesting workshop!
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">13:46:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Amey:</span> This week
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">13:46:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> Thanks.
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">13:46:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Lars:</span> I have no problem with taking an entire day for that.
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">13:46:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Great topic.
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">13:46:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any other points?
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">13:46:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> starting with "beginners" workshops and extending to "the crazy guys" workshops - joined forces with the OBS topics might also a good idea
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">13:47:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Cool, let's talk about that PM to flesh it out a bit more?
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">13:47:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> of course
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">13:47:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> Did we know if all SUSE internal are aware of a Geeko shared bus from Nü ?
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">13:47:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Due to time constraints I'll have to leave in about 5 mins... :-)
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">13:47:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> and they have to register too :-)
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">13:47:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Is there a bus from Greece to NL?
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">13:47:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> That would be nice!!!
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">13:47:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> There is a bus from Nuremberg to NL
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">13:48:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> better to see who is in charge to make seat reservation ;)
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">13:48:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> I sent an email
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">13:48:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I've checked, going by bus from Greece to Nuremberg is about E 35,- per person roundtrip.
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">13:48:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> 9 signed up right now
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">13:48:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> there was an announcement on the internal ML last week
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">13:48:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So 9 people for the bus from Nuremberg?
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">13:49:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kl_eisbaer:</span> ok good to know
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">13:49:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> so far
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">13:49:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> we need 100 more :-)
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">13:49:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> but better sent it again if I see the number above ;-)
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">13:49:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> what we need to do to convince them :-)
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">13:49:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So you could take a couple of Greeks? Just a thought? That might save travel expenses?
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">13:49:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> The more people the better!
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">13:49:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> I'm sure more will sign up. It was like this with FOSDEM
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">13:50:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, let's see if a second mail helps?
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">13:50:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I am going to round it up here.
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">13:50:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks every one!
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">13:50:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">13:50:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> just place the bus door right behind the normal entrance to the building at the day ;-)
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">13:50:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Next meeting Monday 16th of March at 13h UTC / 14h CEST</span>
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">13:50:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">13:50:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio_:</span> kl_eisbaer darix banner at coffe place everywhere :-)
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">13:51:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> do you have a banner ?
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">13:51:04 </span><span class="nka">* darix</span> <span class="ac">puts a banner on tigerfoot's car ;)</span>
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">13:51:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">kl_eisbaer:</span> yep good to
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">13:51:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> the car will be there ...
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">13:51:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> \o/
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">13:51:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> in our kitchen? no way!
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">13:51:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok SUSE people, thanks for your input, bring more people :-)
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">13:51:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
