<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:00:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:00:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Mon Jan 19 13:00:04 2015 UTC.  The chair is hcderaad. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:00:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:00:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Welcome everybody!
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:00:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> As usual we have an agenda for this meeting, and quite a full one today!
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:00:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:00:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Tracks and proposed talks</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Keynotes</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:00:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Promotion on FOSDEM and Scale (and other confs)</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Press invites and other organizations</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Announcements on news.opensuse.org</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:00:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">More promotion of conference</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:00:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Other points by participants</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:00:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:00:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Let's start with the first topic!
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:01:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> fine
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Tracks and proposed talks</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:01:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We need more talks, or we need to limit tracks. We currently have 20 talks, we expect more people to submit closer to the date.</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Also some of the talks seem to be somewhat only-promotional/commercial. We donâ€™t want to give the impression that submitting a talk is the same as having it accepted.</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Also a possibility is to have 2 full time rooms for development and guided trainings. We can choose subjects that are important to openSUSE</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:01:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">As criteria for the selection of talks we will apply these principles:</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:01:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Directly openSUSE related stuff</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:01:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Technically interesting (first time installations, etc)</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:01:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Community building (interactions between communities)</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:01:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Business development value - based on open source</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:02:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> hack room?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:02:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We definitely want a dev/hack room!
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:02:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> something like that
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:02:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And possibly also a guided training room
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> would it make sense to combine the two
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:03:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> could be, depending on how many talks we get
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:03:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Not necessarily, a dev room is more of a codesprint
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:03:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> A training room is for workshops and instructions
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:03:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:03:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Alhtough there is some overlap
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:04:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Depends on the amount of high quality talks we receive
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:04:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ganglia&gt;</span> How many "commercial" CFPs were submitted/ Or what is the ratio to the others?
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what do you imagine happens in a dev room?
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:05:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> we got a talk about opencloud which is a bit closely related to commercial interests
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:05:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ganglia We had a couple of talk proposals with pretty much only a powerpoint presentation about some systems.
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:05:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> Henne having several maintainer of a project running a small sprint to fix issue on obs .
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:06:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> at least my wishes
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:06:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so stuff that usually happens on the hallways...
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:06:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:06:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne We'd like to offer a bit of structure for that
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:07:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> better to have a place, take 5-10 people and get jobs or at least organization done ( could be also linked to internet presence )
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:07:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> tigerfoot Thats basically our current idea!
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:07:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> y
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:07:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> get some high priority projects properly worked on
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:08:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> meeting started?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:08:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And next to the devroom, we also have some workshop/training proposals which require a bit more logistics
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:08:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> kostis yes welcome!
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:08:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> don't limit to high priority projects ( need a 1000 war thread to define) any progress made in any project is good to take
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:08:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So for the training room we want to ensure more electrical outlets, networking, suclike
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:08:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> yeap sorry for the delay, technical problem
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:09:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> tigerfoot I agree. We can however try to structure it a little bit, like BoF sessions
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:09:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> note, don't forget internet with a latency below to 1000sec :-)
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:09:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> tigerfoot TCP by Pidgin not acceptable?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:10:30 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">don't know what pidgin is :-)</span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, regarding the contents of the agenda, i guess we all pretty much agree on having a devroom and a training room
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:10:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> tigerfoot Postal dove (there is an rfc for that somewhere)
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:11:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> workshops and unconference...
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:11:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'll carry on with the next subject
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:12:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Keynotes</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:12:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We can have 8 of them, 2 per day (starting session and closing session), we donâ€™t want to fill them all up already.</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:12:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Confirmed:</span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Aaron Seigo (yay!)</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:12:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- SUSE (to be announced)</span>
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:12:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- openSUSE Board</span>
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:12:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">This leaves five slots, we have at least 1 potential at the moment who still needs to confirm.</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I any one has some killer idea for the other keynote slots, we'd be very happy to hear about it!
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:13:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> tigerfoot - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/IP_over_Avian_Carriers
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">13:13:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'll get back on topic now.
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">13:14:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input on the Keynotes?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">13:14:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Then i'll carry on with the next subject.
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">13:14:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Promotion on FOSDEM and Scale (and other confs)</span>
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">13:14:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Social event is coming along nicely, sat 31st of january from 19h Cafe Belga here we come!</span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">13:14:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Hopefully we can invite more people to that and push the conference there</span>
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">13:15:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Request to all community members, promote the social event at FOSDEM!</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">13:15:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ddemaio will bring stickers, warlordfff has offered to make buttons/pins, hcderaad will bring some generic openSUSE stuff (flag, empty USB sticks, ets).</span>
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">13:15:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what is the opening keynote?
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">13:15:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">if possible we want USB sticks printed with the date of the conference on them. We hope to preload them with openSUSE live so that people can use them and be reminded of the conference.</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">13:15:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne Probably Aaron Seigo, unless we get a killer alternative.
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">13:15:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what is his keynote about?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">13:16:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne He is writing up a summary, we'll post that online soon. It will have inter community communication in it. But i dont want to go into it too deep.
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">13:16:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> about the usb stick, They will arrive Friday late evening ( always the case of Geeko's bus) they are empty by default.
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">13:16:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> tigerfoot Ok, if we perhaps can preload some at FOSDEM that would be nice.
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">13:17:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I will be switching between the Kolab booth and openSUSE booth so i can do some work, but won't be there all the time.
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">13:17:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> Saturday morning is a hurry to setup the booth and burning key with content is slow (especially with big screen) which doesn't have other than usb2
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">13:17:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> tigerfoot Ok, lets drop the idea unless someone comes up with a solution.
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">13:17:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any other ideas regarding FOSDEM?
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">13:18:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> for getting osc15 date on them, you will have to use a plan B like having sticker to stick on them ...
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">13:18:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We can start promoting our Social Event at the Cafe Belga on saturday!
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">13:18:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> some not 1:1 things like posters?
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">13:18:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ddemaio will bring flyers and perhaps he can arrange a poster, i'll ask!
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">13:18:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> print 10-20 or them to spam fosdem walls ...
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">13:18:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> i have flyers, banners, etc.
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">13:19:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ddemaio Sweet, thanks!
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">13:19:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> with each flyer you usually reach 1 person. with each poster you reach 50% of everyone who walks by....
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">13:19:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> For that ,we need paper tape...
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">13:19:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> just saying :)
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">13:19:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> Fosdem do not allow to have things on wall unless there is paper tape
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">13:19:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne good point
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">13:19:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> kostis good point as well, anyone brings that?
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">13:20:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> I am traveling extra light so, maybe you?
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">13:20:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> On the ML someone also proposed to have a video.
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">13:20:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd_&gt;</span> what size are the sticks? sticker is a good idea...
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">13:20:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I can bring paper tape
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">13:20:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I dont have time to make a video, but perhaps someone else can wrap up a little pres / video with the photos of previous confs and the "geeko in The Hague" photos i made in december?
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">13:21:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> There is a video we can play on the screens
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">13:21:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Cool, where is it?
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">13:21:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> I think Doug made it
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">13:22:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I must be getting old, does anyone have a link?
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">13:22:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> I reposted iy from you on G+
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">13:22:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">13:22:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I can do a few more videos as well.
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">13:22:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I defintely must be getting old then! Will look it up! :-)
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">13:23:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">hcderaad brings paper tape to FOSDEM</span>
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">13:23:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">ddemaio will bring flyers and posters to FOSDEM</span>
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">13:23:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span>  is there a way to put the one you did and the other on youtube?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">13:23:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">someone will look up videos to play</span>
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">13:23:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">we all need to promote the social event on saturday at FOSDEM in Cafe Belga</span>
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">13:23:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> I can download them and have them with me
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">13:23:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AdaLovelace&gt;</span> Do you mean this one? https://www.facebook.com/video.php?v=10152736017117284&amp;video_source=pages_finch_main_video
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">13:23:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any other thoughts on this?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">13:24:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> AdaLovelace We should not use that, it has the old location in it, but thanks for posting!
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">13:24:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AdaLovelace:</span>  yeap
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">13:24:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ddemaio Can you update that video with the current location (Westvliet)?
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">13:24:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> my idea exactly
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">13:25:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I can
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">13:25:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> can you upload it on youtube?
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">13:25:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">ddemaio Update video promo with location Westvliet</span>
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">13:25:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> ?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">13:25:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">13:26:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> i have the user and pass
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">13:26:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, then on to the next subject or does anyone have any other ideas for FOSDEM?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">13:26:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> make a slide for people to insert into their talks
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">13:26:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> opensuse people
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">13:26:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne I am not sure what you mean?
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">13:26:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> +1000
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">13:26:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> find opensuse people on the schedule and send it to them
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">13:27:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne Sweet, great idea!
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">13:27:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> a powerpoint slide
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">13:27:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> +
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">13:27:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> or pdf or whatever
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">13:27:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> something people can easily copy
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">13:27:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kostis&gt;</span> maybe the poster
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">13:27:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Make slide to mail to opensuse community members doing talks on FOSDEM to promote conference</span>
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">13:28:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Who wants to do that?
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">13:29:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, lets get back on that. I'll move on to the next subject now, we have a very full agenda and there is some room for wrapups later on.
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">13:29:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Press invites and other organizations</span>
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">13:29:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">robined and hcderaad have sent out press releases to a number of news sites and magazines</span>
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">13:29:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Weâ€™ve also requested some other orgaâ€™s (NLUUG, NLLGG, FSFE) to attend</span>
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">13:29:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://progress.opensuse.org/issues/5056</span>
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">13:29:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">you can find the Enlish and Dutch versions of the press release in Redmine under Documents. The Dutch version needs a little bit of work, but any input is welcome.</span>
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">13:29:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input on that?
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">13:29:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Or perhaps suggestions for other organisations/press outlets? (See the redmine issue)
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">13:30:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what about media partners?
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">13:30:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> opensource press, linux magazine, etc
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">13:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We've invited a number of media parties for that. Sorry, agenda point wasnt very clear.
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">13:31:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">13:31:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Linux mag is invited (both NL and international)
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">13:31:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what did you invite them for?
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">13:31:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> being a media partner or to show up at the conference?
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">13:31:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Participate in the conf, have a stand, media patner, all of it
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">13:31:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">13:31:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> https://progress.opensuse.org/documents/22
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">13:32:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> imho we cant have too much media exposure
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">13:32:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> that's what we sent
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">13:32:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> https://progress.opensuse.org/issues/5056
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">13:32:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> uhm
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">13:33:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> there you can see who we sent it to
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">13:33:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Wrapping up, if anyone has ideas about more media outlets/partners, please add them to the redmine issue or mail them to us.
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">13:33:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we can provide them exposure
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">13:33:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> on the website and at the even
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">13:33:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> How exactly?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">13:34:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ah, ok, we'll do a follow up with that in about a week then.
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">13:34:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Good addition,thanks!
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">13:34:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> logos on the website in the sponsors section
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">13:34:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> logos on event material
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">13:34:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we usually let them pay with an advertisement in their magazine
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">13:34:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> some room to quietly write articles, maybe...
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">13:35:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">hcderaad and robined do a followup to media partners with possibilities of exposure for brand, in exchange for exposure in their media</span>
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">13:35:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> warlordfff Yes, thats possible, good addition.
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">13:35:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Setup press room (this already is in Readmine, hcderaad will check)</span>
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">13:35:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We seem to be gathering quite a few action points today, nice! :-)
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">13:35:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and organize interviews
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">13:35:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> also, the Dutch Hosting Provider Association has possibilities for sponsorship and exposure. We need to submit something before feb 1 to see if they are interested
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">13:36:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> I understand Isabelle did sponsorship before this
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">13:36:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne speaker and orga interviews, yes thats nice as well
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">13:36:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> board+ keynote speakers
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">13:36:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Does anyone have a good connection with her?
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">13:36:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I have...
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">13:36:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> orga is also a nice idea yes
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">13:36:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> She is in another chat with me right now...! :-)
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">13:36:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">13:37:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Offer interviews (orga/speakers/board) to media partners</span>
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">13:37:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, I am going to switch to the next topic now.
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">13:37:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Announcements on news.opensuse.org</span>
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">13:37:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ddemaio and hcderaad have made a timeline for announcements on news.o.o:</span>
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">13:37:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2015 jan 19/20 - Freedom of speech -&gt; Reminder about call for team members (and FOSDEM)</span>
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">13:37:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2015 jan 24 - Announcement of little tete-a-tete at FOSDEM (and Conference!) -&gt; New keynote from SUSE - Location for the meetup at FOSDEM - Cafe Belga.</span>
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">13:37:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2015 jan 27 - Reminder about conference and call for papers (and FOSDEM)</span>
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">13:37:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2015 jan 31 - We are at FOSDEM, come visit us (and conference)</span>
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">13:37:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2015 feb 04 - FOSDEM recap, call to come to the conference</span>
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">13:37:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2015 feb 11 - New Keynote from (TO BE CONFIRMED)</span>
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">13:37:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2015 feb 18 - Summary of keynotes and reiteration of call for papers (if too little submissions have been entered)</span>
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">13:37:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any more ideas for announcements?
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">13:37:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We will try to have a news item every 1/2 or 1 week.
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">13:39:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And all these news items will be spread through ML and social media.
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">13:39:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> as soon as you have events confirmed you should write about those
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">13:39:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne Definitely, well do a wrapup about the already registered talks soon, but good point, it isnt in the list yet
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">13:39:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the earlier your program is flashed out the more attactive it will be for visitors
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">13:39:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Add announcement about already registered talks.</span>
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">13:40:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne Doug/Robin and I were supposed to have a hangout about that before our IRC meeting today, but this didnt happen because of planning issues.... We'll catch up soon.
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">13:40:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> from a view of the content in the announcements
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">13:40:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> make sure we can have promotional stuff also for Scale (19-22 Feb)
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">13:40:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I would be very careful in mixing too many facts together
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">13:41:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> tigerfoot ddmaio was working on that i think?
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">13:41:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne Yeah, that's an issue.
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">13:41:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> like a party (for 10-20 people) at FOSDEM with a new keynote
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">13:41:38 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">agree splitting is better</span>
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">13:41:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yes, that should be 2 separate announcements
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">13:41:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We just aligned dates.
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">13:41:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Sorry, that wasnt very clear.
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">13:41:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">13:42:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> SCALE is being taken care of. I'll talk with Drew tonight
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">13:42:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We're trying to increase the news frequency quite a bit. We also need help from all of yo in spreading those through social media!
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">13:42:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">ddemaio takes care of promo stuff for oSC for SCALE</span>
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">13:43:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> for our own social media account it's easy to use some scheduling app
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">13:43:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> to make them re-occuring
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">13:43:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">13:43:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ddemaio Can you set that up?
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">13:43:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">13:43:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> bufferapp for instance
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">13:43:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> i'll get with henne after the meeting
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">13:43:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, great, can you also discuss the news ticker on the conf site and the date counter on www.o.o?
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">13:45:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Next topic then!
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">13:45:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">More promotion of conference</span>
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">13:45:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We need to try to reach out to existing community members, to get them back involved/attending oSC. We are a bit worried about the low amount of hits on the CfP and CfTM news pages. The poll on Facebook / G+ had great response.</span>
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">13:45:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">All community members should start promoting the conf, we should draw up some standard texts for:</span>
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">13:45:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Press invites</span>
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">13:45:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Promotion at local meetups</span>
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">13:45:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Email/texts to friends, etc</span>
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">13:45:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any ideas on that?
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">13:45:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I checked on the ticker. this https://github.com/openSUSE/countdown.o.o needs to be forked, the code changed and the new designs uploaded
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">13:45:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We've already started with the press invites (see before)
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">13:46:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> make a press-kit
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">13:46:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ddemaio apparently coolo is the go to guy for that, can you approach him?
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">13:46:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Press_kit
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">13:46:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne Yes, thanks, and we are working on a sponsor kit, both should be done asap now.
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">13:46:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">13:47:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ddemaio Perhaps we also should do a news item about request for help spreading the news?
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">13:47:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and browse the previous pomotional materials to get a clue what you at least should have
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">13:47:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne Yes, thanks, we've started with the stuff in the wiki.
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">13:48:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> https://github.com/openSUSE/artwork/tree/master/Marketing%20Materials/Events/openSUSE%20Conference/2014-oS-Conference
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">13:48:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne Thanks!
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">13:48:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Does any one has any ideas on how to reach previous community members?
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">13:48:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We really want to get people back to the conference who dropped out in recent times.
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">13:48:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 2013 has even more stuff
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">13:49:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ganglia&gt;</span> I believe tigerfoot has been sending out personal invitations to people to attend and to submit proposals.
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">13:49:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ganglia&gt;</span> ... more of that would help, I think.
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">13:49:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ganglia / tigerfoot thats great!
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">13:49:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ganglia:</span> yeap almost our ~550 maintainers were contacted
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">13:49:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I've also been emailing people personally, perhaps that is the best strategy?
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">13:49:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> tigerfoot Wow..... Awesome!
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">13:50:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> talking to people directly is always the most rewarding action
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">13:50:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">13:50:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> was a one shot, to asked them to propose workshop and talk about the software and project they maintain ...
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">13:50:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne Yes, and we need all the help we can get!
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">13:50:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> you can also be accused of spam :-)
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">13:50:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> tigerfoot Great idea, which ML did you use?
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">13:50:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> sorry secret box
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">13:51:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I wont tell anyone then....
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">13:51:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">13:51:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> I would ask election/membership team to dump the member list and ping them
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">13:51:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> tigerfoot, please feel free to invite them all.
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">13:51:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> If possible, with a little cc to yours truly to keep a bit track of our communications.
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">13:52:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> who ?
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">13:52:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> connect has an api for that
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">13:52:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> I can show you how to use it
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">13:53:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> I've no doubt about it ... and yes
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">13:53:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne Thats great! Can we use that for more legit spamming?
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">13:53:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> please ... it could also be use to ping back member to vote :-)
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">13:53:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> like what?
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">13:53:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne Other groups of people? Now we're only talking about maintainers right? Or did you mean all connect users?
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">13:54:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I'm talking about openSUSE members
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">13:54:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> One time email could be accepted, now several will be certainly annoying more than useful
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">13:54:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> henne Ok, thats enough.
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">13:54:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> tigerfoot agreed, just wanted to know who we we're reaching now. And yes, we should not overload them.
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">13:55:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">henne and tigerfoot will investigate connect api for inviting opensuse members to register talks and attend the conference</span>
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">13:55:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Moving on to the last topic then!
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">13:55:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Other points by participants</span>
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">13:55:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Does anyone have any other points to discuss today?
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">13:58:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, wrapping up then.
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">13:58:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">13:58:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Next meeting will be 27th Januari at 13h UTC / 14h CEST opensuse-project channel on Freenode</span>
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">13:59:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks for all your input today, it was i think the most active meeting we've had so far!!!
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">13:59:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> good timing this time :)
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">13:59:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> henne did you got some time thusrday afternoon ( ~15h30 ?)
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">14:00:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
