<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:00:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:00:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Mon Mar 16 13:00:02 2015 UTC.  The chair is hcderaad. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:00:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:00:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi everybody! Welcome to another openSUSE Conference project meeting!
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:00:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> As usual we have an agenda for today!
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:00:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:00:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Kolab Summit registration and CfP opened!</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:00:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Keynote from SUSE and program committee</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:00:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Status attendees</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:00:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Status TSP</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Status sleepover at venue and other locations</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:00:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Technical logistics at venue (ie network!)</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:00:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Other points by participants</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:01:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So if you see any points missing, please add them at the end at "other points by participants"
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:01:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Let's start with the first point on the agenda!
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:01:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Kolab Summit registration and CfP opened!</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:01:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The Kolab Summit will take place on 2 and 3 May at the same location as the openSUSE Conference!</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:01:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> If you include Video in the network stuff, I'm fine
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:01:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Registration and call for papers has opened today, if any geeko’s are interested in getting off the island and take a sneak peak at the neighbors that would be possible as well as encouraged!</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:01:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">What can we do to benefit more from each other? Ideas like a joint Yast-&gt;Kolab devroom have already popped up, any other ideas?</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:01:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> hi all
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:01:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yes, we'll include that!
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:01:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi Robin
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:01:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Already pasted the first agenda point.
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:02:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Anyone has any other ideas on how to "collaborate in confidence" with our Kolab colleagues?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:02:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> ok thanks
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> what is currently a bit unclear to me: will Kolab also use the same location ?
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:02:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yes
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Other rooms, but the same venue
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:03:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And we're looking into things like a shared social and suchlike!
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:03:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> in that case, we should see if we can get more promotion on the web-pages of "the other conferences" first ?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:03:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'm handling the Kolab Summit site, and we've already mentioned the openSUSE conf there, I'll have a look if OSEM can do the same!
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:04:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> I'm thinking about sharing the Logos and that usual stuff ;-)
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:04:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, I have no objections agains exploring synergy! :-)
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:04:44 </span><span class="nka">* kl_eisbaer</span> <span class="ac">fore example does not always read until the end of a long text ;-)</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:04:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Logo's might be a tad difficult, Kolab community = red, openSUSE = grean
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:05:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yeah, there is room for improvement regarding the mutual promotion! :-)
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:05:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> red &amp; green - looks like a good match ;-)
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:05:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> Kolab + OBS might also be an interesting topic
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:05:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yeah, they perfectly align on an old CRT screen! :-)
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:05:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We've already got a talk from Jeroen van Meeuwen about his experiences with OBS.
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:06:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Working together on that seems like a nice idea!
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:06:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Personally, I'd love to see a yast module for deploying Kolab!
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:06:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> I hope, Aeneas will also be in The Hague :-)
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:06:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> That would be a huge improvement over the current situation
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:06:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'll contact him and see if we can get him over, that would be awesome!
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> I owe him at least some beer :-)
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:07:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Lars, do you perhaps know more SUSE people who'd be interested to cooperate on that?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:07:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Beer = good. Aeneas definitely deserves that!
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:07:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> not really - beside the ones that I'm already taking with me :-)
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:08:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> But there should also be some owncloud developers at the openSUSE Conference
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:08:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Everybody is welcome!
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> maybe we can convince them to take a look also at Kolab
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:08:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> If they want to work on integrating Kolab with ownCloud that wouldnt hurt, theyre already using the Roundcube webmailer!
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:08:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> I'm unsure about the roundcube integration in owncloud for example
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:08:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And all the lead roundcube devs will be there as well
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:09:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> So we might knock at the door of the owncloud guys more loudly ;-)
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:09:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'd be more than happy to assyst! :-)
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:09:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, for the sake of time, let's go on to the next subject then!
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:09:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Good to see this topic is welcomed so enthousiastically btw!
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:09:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Keynote from SUSE and program committee</span>
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:09:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Markus Feilner will deliver the SUSE keynote this year at oSC! Next to Aaron Seigo’s keynote we have 2 real open source heavy weights, thats great!</span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The first round of talks has been confirmed and is published on the event website.</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:10:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The program committee will meetup soon to discuss the other registered talks and go for the second round!</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:10:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> maybe you can get Frank Karlitschek to do a keynote ?
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:10:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We've already gotten most of the keynote slots covered, but sure, he's more than welcome to talk as well, maybe an afterlunch opening talk?
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> I mean: for Kolab :-)
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:11:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> can you put all the "Packaging Workshops" together in one big "Packaging day" ?
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Lars, yes, we're doing that.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Insert -&gt; probably
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:12:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> I'm just looking at https://events.opensuse.org/conference/osc15/schedule at the moment and see currently just my own packaging workshop
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> Should I "rephrase" it to be a "Complete packaging workshop" ?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">13:13:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> That would hurt :-) SInce it is actually that!
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">13:13:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> jip - I'm just asking because currently it's listed as "Part 2", while "Part 1" is completely missing ;-)
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">13:14:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> maybe darix also wants to present his SSH talk ?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">13:14:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> That i did notice. Thanks in advance for correcting that counting issue!
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">13:14:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> https://events.opensuse.org/conference/osc15/schedule
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">13:14:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> some talks look like "copied over from osc 2014"
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">13:14:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> like the mysql and server hardening talk
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">13:14:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, I wasnt able to attend osc14, so i dont know
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">13:14:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> But server hardening is always a good idea.
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">13:14:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We will have a talk about docker security and linux server audits as well
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">13:15:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> still to be announced
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">13:15:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> i just want to make sure those are actually new talk
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">13:15:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> same for my "openSUSE Infrastructure talk" - it depends on the progress the project made ...
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">13:15:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> +s
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">13:15:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> and not just stuff from last year that was copied over
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">13:15:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> ...and with so much "security" talks - it looks like another track full of security topics
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">13:16:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Well, apparently that might have something to do with my personal network..... :-)
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">13:16:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Feel free to invite more people!
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">13:17:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, any more input?
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">13:18:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Next topic then!
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">13:18:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status attendees and promotion</span>
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">13:18:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We have passed the 90 attendees mark! So far we’re seeing about 5 registrations per week. This isn’t bad, but we’d like to see improvement</span>
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">13:18:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Regarding promotion we’re requesting the artwork team to come up with more banners and suchlike so that community members can also spread the word.</span>
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">13:18:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We also would like to send an email newsletter to current attendees to encourage them to bring more people!</span>
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">13:18:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input on this?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">13:19:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> We will have the LinuxTag in Germany next weekend. :)
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">13:19:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> sounds good - the question from my side would be if there can be a link to the promo material on the conference webside ?
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">13:19:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Then feel free to shamelessly plug openSUSE conference there!
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">13:19:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> After that we should have more attendees.
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">13:19:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Lars, sure, but directly to the github? Why not!
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">13:20:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> Is it possible  to spread the news at universities in Amsterdam,Brussels?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">13:20:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kl_eisbaer&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> just a link to the posters, etc. would be cool - having everything available at one place
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">13:20:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Sure, I'd love to try, but my contacts there are limited, if anyone else has a direct relation, please do so!
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">13:21:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Lars, yeah, that implies we have such a location.... Currently zifting my way through the gh repo..... Mumbling....
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">13:21:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'll ask Doug DeMaio to put this up, because this obviously could do with some improvement
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">13:22:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ada_Lovelace Did you get promo materials already? I think i remember you asking for them on the ML?
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">13:23:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> Douglas saied, he would bring all with him.
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">13:23:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, awesome!
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">13:23:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Going on to the next topic then!
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">13:23:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Create link on oSC Site about promo material repo</span>
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">13:24:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Create more visibility for Kolab Summit &lt;-&gt; openSUSE Conference on conf websites</span>
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">13:24:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status TSP</span>
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">13:24:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">First TSP round has been completed and applicants were informed.</span>
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">13:24:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There were some questions about choices of transport (such as which airlines are allowed) and Izabel Valverde gave a very clear explaination that the TSP will always look at the most economically viable options when confirming support.</span>
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">13:24:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">If applicants have a personal preference for more expensive travel means, that’s up to them personally and they can use the TSP money as “starting capital”.</span>
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">13:24:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> https://github.com/openSUSE/artwork/tree/master/Marketing%20Materials/Events/openSUSE%20Conference/2015-oS-Conference
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">13:24:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input on this?
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">13:24:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi Henne, thats pretty much empty, unfortunately....
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">13:25:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I think there should be some more stuff flying around. Let's try to consolidate that.
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">13:25:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input on the TSP?
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">13:27:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Sorry, I'm here!
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">13:27:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi Izabel! Do you have any additional input on the tsp?
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">13:27:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> The same goes for the sleeping arrangements as for the travel arrangements
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">13:28:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> We have many many very affordable places bunking together at the location
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">13:28:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we have none on the web page...
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">13:28:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> so we don't really see the point of paying for hotels :)
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">13:28:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> especially none with special prices
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">13:28:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> We need to give a better explanation about stay at the Venue
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">13:28:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yes, thats true
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">13:28:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> there are pictures and there is more info, but we will handle that at agenda item location
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">13:28:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> The venue is setting up a website with information, should be done this week.
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">13:29:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> thank you
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">13:29:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So if thats all the input for the TSP, we'll continue to the next topic!
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">13:29:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> so probably the next TSP round all of this will be set right?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">13:30:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yes
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">13:30:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Just finishing... the TSP decides to sponsor many people as possible so we won't approve high travel costs giving always an indication about better prices
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">13:31:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, thanks for adding that, we fully support that.
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">13:31:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> so do we have an alternative for accommodation or not? It is not clear to me by what was just mentioned.
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">13:32:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> flight alternative and the venue as accomodation
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">13:32:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We currently have the sleepover at the venue, and a special price rate at a nearby hotel.
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">13:32:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> the amount approved for accomodation can be used wherever you want
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">13:32:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We're looking into a third option which pricing will be somewhere inbetween.
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">13:32:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> But for the TSP, the cheapest options will be considered to enable as many people as possible.
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">13:33:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> exactly
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">13:33:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> differentreality Does that answer your question?
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">13:33:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> OK, as I mentioned in my email to TSP and Board it is really sad that we try to save money at the expense of denying our contributors their privacy. I hope I receive some substantial reply back to my email from the board.
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">13:35:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Well, noboby forces anyone to stay at the venue, it's just that we're taking that price as baseline for reimbursement. If you want to stay elsewhere, then please feel free to do so.
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">13:35:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> heh ok, it is fairly obvious that my point is not getting through to all people :)
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">13:35:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We're also looking into all kinds of cool stuff to organize at the venue (like LAN parties and suchlike).
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">13:35:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> I have found accommodation for people in such a situation yesterday.
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">13:35:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Stella, I see your point, i just dont agree with it.
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">13:36:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Stella you don't need to stay at the venue
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">13:36:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> http://www.stayokay.com/en/hostel/den-haag#products
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">13:36:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> That isn't very expensive.
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">13:37:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Ada_Lovelace Thanks!
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">13:37:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And I really don't think that TSP is forcing anyone, you have to book yourself. If you or anyone else wants to stay elsewhere, then do so.
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">13:37:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ada_Lovelace Yes, thanks for that one!
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">13:37:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> nop, not forcing anyone but not everyone can afford to pay out of their own pocket a decent accommodation in The Hague.
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">13:38:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Well, TSP should be considered to be a gift, not a right or anything. Perhaps that message isnt a very pleasant one, but still this allows us to invite and accomodate more people, which is good for the project overall.
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">13:38:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'd like to close this discussion as this is not going to be solved here and now.
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">13:38:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Lets go on to the next topic.
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">13:38:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Thank you
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">13:38:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status sleepover at venue and other locations</span>
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">13:38:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The venue is currently setting up a website for the actual registration and payment of the sleepover facilities at the conf.</span>
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">13:38:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We’re looking into more locations with a cheap/medium/high-end cost profile and will put them on the website soon.</span>
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">13:39:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I think we've also pretty much covered this in the last topic.
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">13:39:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We will provide more input on other locations soon.
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">13:39:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'll continue with the technical stuff!
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">13:39:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Technical logistics at venue (ie network!)</span>
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">13:39:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">RobinEd and hcderaad have visited the venue and discussed internet bandwidth (we’re probably going to have a wireless network and a copper network, separated).</span>
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">13:39:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">RobinEd will provide pictures of the various rooms at the venue shortly.</span>
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">13:39:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There will be a (lockable) room for all the equipment.</span>
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">13:39:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Buildup of central hall/main room can start wednesday, other rooms still to be arranged but probably thursday evening/friday morning.</span>
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">13:39:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Robin took pictures of the venue https://plus.google.com/101576589822337229579/posts/SwGM186H2BH</span>
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">13:40:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any input on this topic?
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">13:40:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> We originally thought there would be 50 sleeping places, but this can be extended to 150
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">13:40:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> The back of the main tennis hall can be converted and there is another tennis hall (each with 3 courts) which can be converted
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">13:41:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Also, we're looking into ways of providing more privacy by placing shielding/curtains/etc.
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">13:41:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> There are showers and toilets available, if we get more people we will set up portaloos
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">13:41:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> There are separate men/woman clothing rooms and showers
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">13:42:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any questions?
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">13:42:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Also, we will receive a floor plan with measurements for the AV crew
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">13:44:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> before you plan for another 100 people
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">13:44:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> you should make sure that more than 50 come :)
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">13:44:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">13:44:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> yes :-)
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">13:44:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> usually we have a turn out rate of 50% of the registrations....
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">13:44:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> sometimes even less
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">13:44:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> It can be expanded / shrunk as we go along
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">13:45:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> :o
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">13:45:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> The nice thing about this venue is that it's extremely flexible in rooms/layout.
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">13:45:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> I guess that's a problem with it being free to register
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">13:45:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Everything is very close together.
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">13:45:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> about booth
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">13:45:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> yes?
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">13:46:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> a espareted room for our sponsors?
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">13:46:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ops
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">13:46:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yes, there will be
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">13:46:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And a centrall public space for banners/etc
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">13:46:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> we can put them in the hallway which connects the squash court rooms and the big tennis hall as well
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">13:46:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> exactly
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">13:46:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> so lots of traffic
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">13:47:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Is there any input or other questions on this?
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">13:47:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> https://plus.google.com/101576589822337229579/posts/SwGM186H2BH?pid=6126822160961354594&amp;oid=101576589822337229579
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">13:47:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> https://plus.google.com/101576589822337229579/posts/SwGM186H2BH?pid=6126822163511268946&amp;oid=101576589822337229579
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">13:49:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> Venue looks cool &amp; big. ^_^
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">13:50:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> is the venue going to be open to the (sports) public during the event?
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">13:50:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Limited
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">13:50:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> There will be some rooms opened for fitness, but not many
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">13:50:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Unless you want to organize a geeko sporting event.
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">13:50:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Which we can easily do.
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">13:51:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">13:51:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I doubt there will be enough defibrillators for this
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">13:51:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thats a challenge!
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">13:52:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any other points or questions? (looking at the time)
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">13:52:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks Amey!
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">13:52:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> It is huge!
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">13:53:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I'll carry on then!
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">13:53:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Other points by participants</span>
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">13:53:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Any other points?</span>
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">13:53:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> I have a question regarding food. Venue has any canteens?
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">13:53:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yes
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">13:53:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> yes it has a canteen
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">13:53:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> Thanks.
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">13:53:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> we want to try to organise lunch in 3 shifts
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">13:54:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> but we will set up a bbq for the social outside one of the huge tennis halls
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">13:54:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> and maybe a buffet indonesian dinner for Sunday night
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">13:55:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We've coordinated with the venue to also provide vegetarian (and other dietary) options.
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">13:55:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> Great. Thanks.
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">13:56:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Also we're looking for a food sponsor to be able to offer this as a service to our esteemed attendees!
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">13:56:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, then, I'm going to round up this meeting!
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">13:56:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">13:56:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Monday 23rd of March 13h UTC / 14h CEST</span>
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">13:57:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks everybody for attending today! These meetings keep getting more interactive by the week, thats great to see!
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">13:57:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> and lastly pls try to send invitation letter by this week, Without invitation letter I wont be able to apply for visa. [same to Saurabh from India ]
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">13:57:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We're doing our best amey, thanks for reminding!
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">13:58:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Again, thanks everybody!
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">13:58:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> Thanks.
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">14:00:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
