<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by hcderaad at 13:00:02 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Agenda</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-6'>hcderaad</a>, 13:00:38)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Kolab Summit registration and CfP
    opened!</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-7'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:00:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Keynote from SUSE and program committee</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-8'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:00:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Status attendees</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-9'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:00:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Status TSP</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-10'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:00:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Status sleepover at venue and other
    locations</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-11'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:00:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Technical logistics at venue (ie
    network!)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-12'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:00:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Other points by participants</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-13'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:00:48)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Next meeting</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-14'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:00:50)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Kolab Summit registration and CfP opened!</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-17'>hcderaad</a>, 13:01:18)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">The Kolab Summit will take place on 2 and 3 May
    at the same location as the openSUSE Conference!</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-18'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:01:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Registration and call for papers has opened
    today, if any geeko’s are interested in getting off the island and
    take a sneak peak at the neighbors that would be possible as well as
    encouraged!</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-20'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:01:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">What can we do to benefit more from each other?
    Ideas like a joint Yast-&gt;Kolab devroom have already popped up,
    any other ideas?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-21'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:01:22)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Keynote from SUSE and program committee</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-62'>hcderaad</a>, 13:09:58)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Markus Feilner will deliver the SUSE keynote
    this year at oSC! Next to Aaron Seigo’s keynote we have 2 real open
    source heavy weights, thats great!</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-63'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:09:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The first round of talks has been confirmed and
    is published on the event website.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-64'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:10:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The program committee will meetup soon to
    discuss the other registered talks and go for the second
    round!</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-65'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:10:03)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://events.opensuse.org/conference/osc15/schedule">https://events.opensuse.org/conference/osc15/schedule</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-78'>darix</a>,
    13:14:08)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status attendees and promotion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-94'>hcderaad</a>, 13:18:33)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We have passed the 90 attendees mark! So far
    we’re seeing about 5 registrations per week. This isn’t bad, but
    we’d like to see improvement</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-95'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:18:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Regarding promotion we’re requesting the
    artwork team to come up with more banners and suchlike so that
    community members can also spread the word.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-96'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:18:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We also would like to send an email newsletter
    to current attendees to encourage them to bring more people!</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-97'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:18:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Create link
    on oSC Site about promo material repo</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-113'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:23:53)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Create more
    visibility for Kolab Summit &lt;-&gt; openSUSE Conference on conf
    websites</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-114'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:24:06)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status TSP</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-115'>hcderaad</a>, 13:24:08)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">First TSP round has been completed and
    applicants were informed.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-116'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:24:10)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">There were some questions about choices of
    transport (such as which airlines are allowed) and Izabel Valverde
    gave a very clear explaination that the TSP will always look at the
    most economically viable options when confirming support.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-117'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:24:11)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">If applicants have a personal preference for
    more expensive travel means, that’s up to them personally and they
    can use the TSP money as “starting capital”.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-118'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:24:13)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/openSUSE/artwork/tree/master/Marketing%20Materials/Events/openSUSE%20Conference/2015-oS-Conference">https://github.com/openSUSE/artwork/tree/master/Marketing%20Materials/Events/openSUSE%20Conference/2015-oS-Conference</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-119'>henne</a>,
    13:24:16)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://www.stayokay.com/en/hostel/den-haag#products">http://www.stayokay.com/en/hostel/den-haag#products</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-156'>Ada_Lovelace</a>,
    13:36:25)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status sleepover at venue and other locations</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-166'>hcderaad</a>, 13:38:54)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">The venue is currently setting up a website for
    the actual registration and payment of the sleepover facilities at
    the conf.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-167'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:38:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We’re looking into more locations with a
    cheap/medium/high-end cost profile and will put them on the website
    soon.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-168'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:38:57)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Technical logistics at venue (ie network!)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-172'>hcderaad</a>, 13:39:38)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">RobinEd and hcderaad have visited the venue and
    discussed internet bandwidth (we’re probably going to have a
    wireless network and a copper network, separated).</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-173'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:39:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">RobinEd will provide pictures of the various
    rooms at the venue shortly.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-174'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:39:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">There will be a (lockable) room for all the
    equipment.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-175'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:39:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Buildup of central hall/main room can start
    wednesday, other rooms still to be arranged but probably thursday
    evening/friday morning.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-176'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:39:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Robin took pictures of the venue
    https://plus.google.com/101576589822337229579/posts/SwGM186H2BH</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-177'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:39:54)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://plus.google.com/101576589822337229579/posts/SwGM186H2BH?pid=6126822160961354594&amp;oid=101576589822337229579">https://plus.google.com/101576589822337229579/posts/SwGM186H2BH?pid=6126822160961354594&amp;oid=101576589822337229579</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-207'>RobinEd</a>,
    13:47:43)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://plus.google.com/101576589822337229579/posts/SwGM186H2BH?pid=6126822163511268946&amp;oid=101576589822337229579">https://plus.google.com/101576589822337229579/posts/SwGM186H2BH?pid=6126822163511268946&amp;oid=101576589822337229579</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-208'>RobinEd</a>,
    13:47:54)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Other points by participants</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-222'>hcderaad</a>, 13:53:16)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Any other points?</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-223'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:53:18)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-235'>hcderaad</a>, 13:56:57)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Monday 23rd of March 13h UTC / 14h CEST</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html#l-236'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:56:58)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 14:00:03 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2015-03-16-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Create link on oSC Site about promo material repo</li>
  <li>Create more visibility for Kolab Summit &lt;-&gt; openSUSE Conference on conf websites</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>hcderaad (147)</li>
  <li>kl_eisbaer (25)</li>
  <li>RobinEd (22)</li>
  <li>izabelvalverde (14)</li>
  <li>henne (9)</li>
  <li>Amey_India (7)</li>
  <li>Ada_Lovelace (6)</li>
  <li>darix (6)</li>
  <li>differentreality (4)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
