<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:06:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE project meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:06:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Feb  4 15:06:36 2015 UTC.  The chair is robjo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:06:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:07:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Hi everyone and welcome to a new edition of the openSUSE project meeting
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:07:12 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">is watching from far : if anything special need my attention please ping me</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Getting a bit of a late start, sorry about that.
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:07:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Turns out Richard has the flu and thus unexpectedly I am here to take the reigns
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:08:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The agenda can be found here: https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:09:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> and it is empty :(
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:09:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ganglia_&gt;</span> Nearly everyone in Nuremberg has the flu.  And if you haven't caught it yet, it's only a matter of time until you do.
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:09:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> As far as I recall there were no actions from the last project meeting.
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:09:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I guess that's the disadvantage of working in an office ;)
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:10:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> me &amp; miska as board member have some difficulties to be present on wednesday afternoon ... shall we propose a move of project meeting ?
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> With no spots claimed through the agenda lest jump right into the "free for all" section
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:11:08 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">knows how this can be delicate</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:11:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">shall the project meeting be moved?</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:12:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">tigerfoot and miska have conflicts at the present time slot, both are members of the board, should we find a new slot that is more suitable?</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:12:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> We can open a pool (open to all ) on connect and ask people  to cast their choice
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:13:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> and promote that pool to news + ml + social media
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:13:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> My personal opinion is that there will always be a conflict. Move it to any other day of the week at the same time and I will not be able to participate.
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:13:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If you move it to be an hour earlier or later it creates other problems.
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:14:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I understand that, (that's why I didn't ask it last year)
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:14:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> There is no "good" time
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:15:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ganglia&gt;</span> Just throwing out ideas, not that I'm recommending it.  How about a rotating meeting date/time?  On a programmed schedule?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:15:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> I don't see any particular trouble to not being there (its annoying almost) was really an open question, and a quest if any other time would drain more people.
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:15:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> Miska and Bruno have conflict? Can't believe it...
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:15:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ganglia:</span> We tried that in the past, people got confused
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:15:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ganglia&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> understaood
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:16:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anaumov:</span> we just have a conflit with the meeting time ( Me and Miska have professional appointment )
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> tigerfoot, aha... I see :)
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anaumov:</span> no other conflicts :-) we drink the same beer at the same time otherwise....
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:16:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I keep asking myself: do we need this meeting still?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:16:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> thanks, that's the other point
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:17:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> it's either not taking place or taking place with only a handful of random people
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:17:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> if there's nothing going on then we can cancel the 2 weeks schedule, and organize one only for important time.
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:17:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> for the last, probably 1/2 year attendance has steadily declined
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:17:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> no one ever adds something to the agenda
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:17:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> Loosing the ical function of news is also to blame ( it doesn't appear automagically on personnal agenda )
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:17:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we have but a handful of participants during the meeting and the agenda generally is empty, as henne points out
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:18:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> so to resume, we could open the poll and check if enough people cast their voice ( below 100 it is like doom)
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:19:21 </span><span class="nka">* cboltz</span> <span class="ac">thinks tigerfoot is very optimistic today - 100?</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:19:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> if a concensus is made during the cast with a perticular day ( I still believe the timeframe is right balanced between east and west )
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:19:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> I agree that not having the iCal function anymore is not nice, but I would not necessarily draw the conclusion that the empty agenda and general lack of interest are connected to the missing iCal entry
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:20:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> sure there's no direct relation, but in the all feeding info era, it's more easy to forget
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:20:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> or at least use that as an excuse ;-)
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:20:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> +1, we only got 147 people to case a vote for the board election, I doubt we'll get 100 to pipe up about the project meeting time
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:21:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> s/case/cast/
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:21:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> irc meeting are opened to everyone, board election is restricted to members only ...
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:21:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> otherwise we could start being worried about osc we need all voters + 3 to achieve the 150 osc attendees ;-)))
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:21:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> And the conect poll will be open to whom?
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:22:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> robjo any logged users
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:22:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> or fully open
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:23:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I am fine with a poll, I just think your expectations are too high
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:23:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> set it up, see what happens
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:23:19 </span><span class="nka">* cboltz</span> <span class="ac">wonders which meeting time form spammers prefer (speaking about "fully open")</span>
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:23:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> put it me as action please.
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:23:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Add an option to vote for "Abandon project meeting"
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:23:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">tigerfoot to set up a poll about the project meeting time</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:24:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, other topics?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:24:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> that's why it will at least open to all connect members which is already a good numbers of people normally interested in openSUSE
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:25:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> yeap another blitz subject
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:25:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> openSUSE Scale team is looking for volunteers to help at booth and mini-summit
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:26:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> mini-summit is happening Feb 19th and booth will run on 21-22 Feb Hilton LAX
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:26:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> tsp is available to help volunteers.
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:26:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we need additional helpers for SCaLE</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:27:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE mini-Summit will take place in conjuction with SCaLE Feb 19th and booth will run on 21-22 Feb Hilton LAX</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:27:27 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">still hesitate to put real email on the log ...</span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:27:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">TSP is open for helpers</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:29:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">contact Bruno Friedmann tigerfoot (at) opensuse (dot) org or Drew Adams druonysus (at) opensuse (dot) org</span>
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:30:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">oSC15</span>
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:30:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> Drew has lost 2 of his team member (health and familly issue)
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:30:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anything about oSC15?
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:31:31 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">is still waiting an acceptation of pull request against connect to be able to write personnal informations to members</span>
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:32:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Currently we have 42 talk proposals and 62 registrations, this is a big improvement compared to about 1 month ago
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:33:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">there will be an openSUSE sponsored bus from the SUSE office in Nuremberg to oSC 15 in The Hague</span>
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:33:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> details will be forth coming
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:33:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> as I already threw doug under the bus in my G+ post I will do so again
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:34:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">if you want to be on the bus, get a hold of Doug</span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:34:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> and warn your flu'ed colleague :-)
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:35:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Lets hope everyone will be done with the flu by May
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:35:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> Could it be possible to have a news.o.o article telling how much time cfp is open, why people should propose talk etc ...
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:35:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Actually the middle of April as I will be in the office in Nuremberg the week before oSC
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:36:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> of course, it just takes fingers on the keyboard to write it
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:36:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> oops
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:36:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> that one slipped through. sorry
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Ah apparently it already exists :)
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:37:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anything about oSC15?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:37:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> just an idea - would someone be willing to organzie a "hacking contest" as known from LinuxTag?
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:38:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> basically the idea is:
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:38:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> someone "forgot" to close a root shell, and you have some minutes to hack his machine
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:38:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> then he comes back, has some time to find and fix the things you did
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:38:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> and finally you get a chance to exploit everything he didn't notice
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:39:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> was addressed to cfp team to motivate others, I'm not part of (didn't find my way in osem)
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:39:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> organize it
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:40:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> and just submit it as workshop
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:40:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> my plan was to take part, not to organize it ;-)
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:40:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> not my cup of tea, but good idea
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:40:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> that's not how we roll bro :)
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:41:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Anyone willing to run a "hacking contest" at oSC15?</span>
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:41:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">see comments from cboltz about the idea</span>
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:42:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anything else about oSC15?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:43:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">free for all</span>
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:43:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Anything else?
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:43:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> going once
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:44:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> twice
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:44:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> and that's a wrap
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:45:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thanks everyone for participating
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:45:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
