<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Aug 24 18:02:30 2011 UTC.  The chair is prusnak. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:02:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:02:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,    you need to op bugbot before you @startmeeting
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> i did
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:03:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh  opps  never mind   :-_
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:03:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> The agenda for today's meeting is:
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 1. Old Action Items
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:03:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I'm following too
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:03:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 2. Status Reports
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 2.1 openSUSE Conference Planning Update
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:03:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 2.2 openSUSE Foundation Status Update
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:03:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   more chairs please
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:03:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 2.3 GSoC Status Update
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:03:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 3. Proposal from Manu Gupta on Google Code-In
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:04:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 4. Board F2F at the openSUSE Conference?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:04:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 5. permission@ requests
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:04:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 6. Where do we need to improve?
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:04:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 7. Questions &amp; Answers
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:04:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs AlanClark mrdocs</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:04:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AlanClark mrdocs prusnak suseROCKs
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:05:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:05:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> first topic
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:05:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FYI:</span>   I was expecting a service technician to come to the house an hour ago but hasn't shown up yet.  So I might have to step away unexpectedly for a moment
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:05:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Old Action Items</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> board items are at http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:06:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> there are two items - one mine - there is no progress whatsoever on user search in bugzilla
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:06:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> another is assigned to AlanClark - any news?
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:06:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We can cover a bit on the Foundation here.
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:06:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> okay, please go on
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:07:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I am rapidly working with Attachmate Executive Mgt and Legal teams.
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:07:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> With new management and legal team members, we are going through some education cycles.  The SUSE management is supportive of the Foundation.
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:08:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> It is a matter of some internal work.
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:08:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I am aiming for us to have much to talk about at osc and the board F2F.
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:08:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> great.. sounds like a plan
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Alan working with Attachmate Executive Mgt and Legal teams, SUSE management is supportive of the Foundation.</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:10:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> For this bug, we aren't quite ready yet to write an announcement.  We're getting closer, but we leave the bug as is for the moment
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> do you think there will be an announcement before the conference?
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:11:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> so people can read it before face to face discussion?
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:11:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I don't know yet
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> okay, thanks
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:12:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> Project AIs are at http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:12:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> currently we have 4 open items
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> as adrianS, henne and cboltz are not here we skip the first 3
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:13:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> can you tell us about the 4th one?
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:13:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anything more?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:13:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   question for you
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:13:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> on your AI
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:13:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> as your AI pertains to bugzilla issues there's the oft-repeated discussion about whether we should get away from Novell Bugzilla.
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:13:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Quesiton is,  do we want to come up with some statement on this, or come up with a more indepth discussion... or what?    Does anyone have some inking of a plan one way or the other?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:14:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> err... is there a lag here?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:14:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> there was a discussion about moving away from the novell bugzilla some time ago (months, even before acquisition)
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:15:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> but there was not a clear outcome
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:15:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i think we should make this a topic for a discussion on the conference
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:15:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well the discussion has reared its head again on our mailing list this past week.
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:15:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> +1 for conference discussion
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:15:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> which mailinglist?
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:16:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I agree but I would much rather see a discussion centered around specific ideas rather than another session bellyaching about "I don't like this or that"
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:16:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> we need to agree if we want to depart or not
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:16:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> and if yes who'll maintain the instance
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:16:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   bugzilla vs fate is the subject line and its on factory ML
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:17:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i think this is conference material
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> should it be part of the general meeting topic?
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> greg and pascal will be there and they both wanted to the current bugzilla situation
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:18:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> ...wanted to change....
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> i don't know, maybe have a separate BoF about that
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:19:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   ok
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:19:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Let's BoF it
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:19:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   thoughts on that?  (regarding when in conference to discuss)
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:19:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thought expressed.  :-)
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:20:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we agreed we need a session (probably BoF) about novell vs. (open)suse bugzilla and bugzilla vs. fate discussion</span>
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:20:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I'm done asking questions on this specific topic
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> now prusnak had a question on my bug #711572
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:21:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 711572 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "[AI] Google Code-in" [Normal,Needinfo] https://bugzilla.novell.com/711572
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:21:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I received a reply from Google
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:21:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> This one is actually also listed as Topic #3 in today's agenda.   Shall we wait to Topic 3 to discuss or go ahead now?
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:22:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> let's discuss it now
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:22:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:22:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the summary of my investigation is detailed in the bug report regarding Manu's proposal for a Google Code-In
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:22:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> There were some questions in the investigation about whether GCI will be held again this year and the timing of the GCI contest
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:22:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   You say now you have word from Google?
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:23:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I received a reply email from them this morning.  "
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We're not sure yet. Last year we announced around the first week of October.
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> back sorry plasma misbehaving
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:23:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> If we choose to do the program again we'll announce this year's program
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:23:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> around the same time.
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:24:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> thanks for the info
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:24:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i also tried to reach folks from google but failed
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:24:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so there's really nothing we can/should do now
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:24:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I just added a comment to the bug.
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Looks like we need to check in October
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:25:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we have a 6 week reprieve then  :-)
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:25:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> assuming we actually want to do this.
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:25:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">folks at Google don't know whether there will be Google Code-In this year. if yes, they'll announce it sometime around the first week of October</span>
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:25:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I dislike the timing of last year's contest  (Nov 22 - Jan 10)  and I wonder how we can recruit &gt;18 year old students
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:25:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Is there a way to set a date on this bugg in bugzilla so that we can ignore it until October 1?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:26:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I was wondering the same thing
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:26:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i don't know about such feature
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:26:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> the last comment mentions the date explicitely though
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:27:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> should we move on?
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:27:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:27:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yes, next
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:27:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status Reports</span>
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:27:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> ++ openSUSE Conference Planning Update
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:28:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> anyone wants to take this one?
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:28:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> there is a lot of activity going on, i'm not sure who should i pick :)
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> lots of actvity.
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:29:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Looks like it's coming together
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:29:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Agreed and whenever there's something worthy we try to publish it on news.o.o
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:29:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak, and I are about to publish the announcement of the android app
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:30:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think he and digitltom did a great job on the app
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:30:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> yes, i saw announcements on news.o.o and i think we should continue using that
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:31:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I missed that. Way cool!
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:32:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">lots of buzz going on about the conference, follow news.opensuse.org to get it all!</span>
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:32:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> sshaw and I are working on an additional "fun activity" that will entice people to register and attend the conference.
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:33:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> great!
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:33:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I hope you're not telling people "Register and get a belly dance with suseROCKs"
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:33:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> when are you going to announce it? or is it a local one?
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:34:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We have a bit more to figure out, then we can announce.  We're working on a 'giveaway' for the conference.
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:34:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> nice :)
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:35:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We have to get it to work first ;-)  sshaw keeps saying something about his day job getting in the way ;-)
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:35:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">alan and sshaw working on (secret for now) fun activity that will entice people to register and attend the conference.</span>
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:35:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yeah those ferrari's are always trouble to get working
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:35:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> next subtopic
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:36:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> next
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:36:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> openSUSE Foundation Status Update - we already dealt with that in the beginning of the meeting
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:36:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> next
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:36:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> GSoC Status Update
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:36:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak, is an wesome meeting moderator.  He gets the topics talked about before the topic s  :-)
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i'll take this one
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:37:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> this monday was the firm "pencils down" for students
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:37:09 </span><span class="nka">* sshaw</span> <span class="ac">blames it on his day job</span>
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:37:26 </span><span class="nka">* sshaw</span> <span class="ac">is however very excited about it if it works :)</span>
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:37:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> during this week mentors have to fill in final evaluations (until friday)
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:37:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> some of them already did so, we are still waiting for 7 mentors
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:38:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and to refresh my memory, how many projects did we have?
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:38:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> out of the other 7 mentors who filled in evaluations already - only 1 was fail
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:38:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 6 were successful
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:38:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> right now we have 14 projects in total
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:38:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 1 or 2 failed at the midterm
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:38:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ouch on the fails
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:39:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> still i think this is good, let's wait for the last 7 evaluations
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:39:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> good success ratio
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:39:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i will poke the mentors again tomorrow
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:39:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> true  one or two fails in 14 is quite good actually
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:39:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> and i have seen a couple which are excellent
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:40:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> out of curiosity, was there ever a decisiona bout what to do with the openSUSE portion of the contest funds?
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:40:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> prusnak - I recieved the PO from google.
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:40:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">GSoC results will be closed this Friday, 7 mentors have already submitted their evaluations, only 1 of them was FAIL, we are still waiting for the other 7 evaluations</span>
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:41:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> monies are being used to send to the google mtg (I don't remember the name); also some to bring them to osc
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:41:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> good, do you need help with that (the PO)?
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:42:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Will one of you be accompanying the students to Mountain View for the Google event?
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:42:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> That's why I was looking for vincent earlier, to make sure it is inline with our expations.
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:42:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Which I believe is in October.
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:42:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> students are not going to mountain view, 2 of the mentors are - Tom Schmidt and Michal Hrusecky
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:43:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Good.   Good to have representation there
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:43:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> i read the PO and it seems right
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:43:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I was in a rush when it arrived. I haven't been back to read it again.  Did they give us funds for 2 mentors?
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:44:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> yes, $2000
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:44:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Guess I was expecting to see 2*$2000
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:45:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> no, it is $1000 per mentor
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:45:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> That's gonna be a tight fit
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:45:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> tom and michal know that if they go above the limit, they have to pay themselves
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:45:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> (i already talk with them and it is around $60 above)
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:46:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Sounds like we should cover that with the other Gsoc monies
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:47:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Only $1060 to mountain view  including hotel??   That's cheap
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:47:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> no, hotel is paid by google, you pay only for the flight and then get it reimbursed
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:47:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ahhhh
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:47:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> then that's a close enough amount  sure
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:48:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> that is open to discussion i guess, i have no problem with that
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:48:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yeah let's not quibble over a few dollars.
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:49:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> next topic?
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:49:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> However I'd like to propose if they have time to meet with any local openSUSE folks in the Bay Area
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:50:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> good idea :)
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:50:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> i might be there as well
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:50:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> depending on family visa situation
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:51:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:51:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Do you know the actual date of the Google Gthering?
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:52:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 22-23 Oct
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:52:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:52:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> okay, let's go - we skip topic #3 because we already handled Google Code In issue during the Action Item
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:52:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> i would propose to remove that from the agenda permanently since its now an AI
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:52:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:52:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Board F2F at the openSUSE Conference</span>
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:53:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> we discussed a little on the mailing list
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:53:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> are we confirmed for the 9th?
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:53:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yes.
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:53:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i'll be in NBG 2 days prior the conference
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:53:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> so i can attend f2f on 9th and 10th
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:54:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> henne probably won't join us because of the conference duties, but this can change
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:54:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 9th is definite and 10th is as-needed,  right?
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:54:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> we'll see how much time we'll need
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:54:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> im going to arrive the 8th
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:54:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We need to work on the agenda.
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:55:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I like that.   Last few times we were so rushed with tiny time spent
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:55:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i also arrive 8th evening
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:55:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> nd I arrive on 8th too.   Arriving at 4 p.m. via train and heading over to EuroHotel
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:55:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I arrive on the 8th as well.  I think we will be recruited to help with osc setup on the 8th
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:55:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> so we only don't know about rupert
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:55:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> iirc
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:55:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   seriously?   8th?   After all that traveling?  :-)
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:56:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> suseROCKS - best to stay awake
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:56:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yeah....
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:56:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">most of the Board members will arrive on 8th Sept and will have a F2F meeting on 9th and 10th, just prior the conference</span>
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:56:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we meet for sure on 9th at 10:00 a.m.?
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:57:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> at a conference room at the SUSE office
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:57:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> sounds good to me
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:57:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> alright
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:57:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'd like to emphasize to folks here that as always our face to face board meetings are not closed meetings
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:57:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i might come sooner (9:30) to arrange the stuff
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:58:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> so we can actually start at 10:00
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:58:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> simply usually too boring for non board members to come to.  :-)
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:58:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> suseROCKS, if so boring what are we doing there?
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:58:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   Its our opportunity to tell each other what we really think of each other face to face  :-)
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:59:02 </span><span class="nka">* mrdocs</span> <span class="ac">grins</span>
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:59:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> suseROCKS and you think that will be boring?
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:59:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> LOL
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:59:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Next stepis to work on the agenda.
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">19:00:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I have invited Jos to attend as a guest and he has agreed
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">19:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> fine, i'm sure AJ will join as well if he has time
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">19:00:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> How about we form it on the project/board meeting wiki page?
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">19:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we should invite (why do I keep forgetting his name?!?) that is heading the SUSE offices
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">19:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> suseROCKS, you thinking of Nils?
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">19:01:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   i sure am!  :-)
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">19:01:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Good idea. I'll invite him to come meet us.
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">19:01:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> and MM as well.
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">19:02:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> And in the past, we set up a time slot for these guests to come to our meeting.   Do we want to do that as well this time or just invite them to sit in with us the whole time?
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">19:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> timeslot
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">19:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> timeslot +1
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">19:02:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I +1 that too   much easier on them
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">19:03:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> and us too :)
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">19:03:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and then the other question is do we want to meet them as a group or one on one or.... some as a group and others as one...
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">19:03:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Group - depending upon their schedule
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">19:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">19:04:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so I also agree we should just all go to the wiki and add our suggested topics and be done with it
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">19:05:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> sounds reasonable
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">19:05:22 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">is editing the wiki</span>
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">19:07:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok what's next?
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">19:08:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> could you please send URL of the page to board@ ML ?
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">19:08:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> next topic
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">19:08:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">permission@ requests</span>
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">19:08:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> there are two requests
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">19:08:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> it's the same page that we use for these meetings
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">19:09:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> ah thanks, i thought there was a separate one
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">19:09:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> a) http://www.linux-pratique.com, would like to use the OpenSUSE logo in upcoming issue
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">19:09:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I already voted +1 on them and both have marketing benefits so I will be further investigating how we cn collaborate together.
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">19:09:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> b) Logo on SuperTuxCart
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">19:09:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> err  i mean I will be passing it along to marketing team to further investigate
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">19:09:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> we have 4 out of 6 members present so we can vote
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">19:10:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> a) +1
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">19:10:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> b) +1
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">19:10:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> a) +1
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">19:10:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> b) +1
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">19:10:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> a) +1
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">19:10:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> b) +1
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">19:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> That was easy  :-)
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">19:10:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> rupert voted by email +1 on both
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">19:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I do have a question before we close the topic
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">19:11:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2 actually
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">19:11:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> i voted +1 for both by mail
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">19:11:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I do have a question as well
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">19:11:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> mrdocs voted on both +1 as well
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">19:11:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> mrdocs - is it a reputable magazine?
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">19:11:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> very
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">19:11:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> web is down atm, which kinda sucks
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">19:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> they have sponsored FOSS events
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">19:11:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Question #1.   Currently requests are sent to permissions@novell   is this going to change in the new structure?
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">19:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> nationwide distribution in France, many authors are foss developers
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">19:12:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> good topic for f2f
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">19:13:04 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">adds it as a topic</span>
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">19:13:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> mrdocs,   well its something we need to clarify fairly quickly imo or it becomes misleading to get suse permissions from novell int he current state
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">19:13:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> exactly
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">19:13:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> a topic for F2F yes but also a topic that needs to be discussed internally by the company
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">19:13:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and they need to discuss it before we can discuss it, I think
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">19:14:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the second question I have is that we're starting to get non-openSUSE requests forwarded to us.    I'm unsure if its just  coincidence or if the forwarder is just bulking it all together for everyone on the ML
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">19:15:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'll take that action item
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">19:15:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'll follow up with Sue on the second question.
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">19:16:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   also, in light of the last two requests, we need Jos to be on that ML too
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">19:16:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> why? the decision is the Boards
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">19:17:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   not in terms of decision but in terms of being aware of stuff
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">19:17:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> He usually handles press relations (such as the one from the French magazine)
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">19:17:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I agree.  We should be leveraging these much more.
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">19:18:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and if you noticed   in one reply by someone on the corporate side, they said to refer it to some marketing person over at Novell.  and i wanted to jump in and say "Nuh uh!  This is openSUSE territory!"  :-)
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">19:19:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> And last question I have:  How quickly do we reply to requestors when its voted yes by the board?
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">19:19:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Let's talk about that at the F2F
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">19:19:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'd like to reach out to the TuxRacer guy and see if we can demo it during Conference
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">19:19:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> please do
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">19:19:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I've been taking the action to reply to these requests.
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">19:20:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">19:20:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Part of the reason is that I send the reply to Legal so that they can file the response for any future reference
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">19:21:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I only want to reach out to the guy after you've done that step
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">19:21:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> suseROCKS.  Why don't you reply to the TuxRacer and include a reply to permissions@
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">19:21:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">19:21:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> That way Sue(Legal) will get the response
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">19:21:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> can you forward me a copy of a past reply you've sent so I can keep the language similar?
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">19:22:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yes.
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">19:22:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ok I'm done with my permissions questions  :-)
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">19:22:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> next topic then?
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">19:22:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Please let me know if I'm not asking enough questions today
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">19:22:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'll take the AI to respond to the French Magazine
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">19:22:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'll include Jos on the response
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">19:22:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Perfect
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">19:23:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes prusnak
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">19:23:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> next
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">19:23:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Where do we need to improve?</span>
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">19:24:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Since this topic is about immediately-fixable things, I'll just inject here something I just created today
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">19:24:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> new factoid
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">19:24:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> !projectmeeting
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">19:24:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SUSEhelp&gt;</span> Folks, the openSUSE Project and Board Meeting is about to begin.  We invite you to join us at /join #opensuse-project.
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">19:25:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> you can use this in any room where SUSEhelp is logged in and encourage more people to joiin
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">19:25:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> what no brush your teeth jokes?
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">19:25:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> I can take the Fr magazine from your pile
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">19:25:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> don't make me come up with an AlanClark factoid!
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">19:25:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> mrdocs.  Great. It yours.  be sure to include to permission@
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">19:26:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> of course
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">19:26:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> mrdocs,   and include Jos  because we want to be sure we can leverge this as much as possible
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">19:26:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> exactly
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">19:26:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> is there some sort of template people use ?
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">19:26:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> and I will start in French to make them feel at home :)
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">19:26:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> mrdocs.  I'll send you the text
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">19:27:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">19:27:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'll send it to board@
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">19:27:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> im back in france until the end of sept
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">19:27:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> *roughly*
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">19:27:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> mrdocs,  just be back in time for Brainshare
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">19:28:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yes sir..
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">19:28:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm guessing we have no actual "need to fix" topics today  :-)
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">19:28:38 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">looks forward to seeing mrdocs at Brainshare</span>
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">19:28:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I don't have anything for the "need to fix" topic today
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">19:29:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> same
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">19:29:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> ill be at OSC too
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">19:29:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> but im not shy in a booth either
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">19:29:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> there goes the neighborhood
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">19:29:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> i know i know...
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">19:29:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> openSUSE storms the conference, headline at 10 lol
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">19:29:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">19:29:59 </span><span class="nka">* mrdocs</span> <span class="ac">runs for a fresh diet coke</span>
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">19:30:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> next
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">19:30:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok folks....  I'd like everyone to be aware that while we normally have board meetings online every two weeks, we won't have one two weeks from today
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">19:30:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> wait we have a question posted
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">19:30:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> in lieu, we will have a general meeting at the conference on the 14th
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">19:30:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">19:30:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> let's move to Q&amp;A
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">19:31:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Questions &amp; Answers</span>
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">19:31:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> there is a question by Jedibeeftrix
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">19:31:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> GSoC - Software Centre is coming along nicely, but what is the status of Appstream and Bretzn for opensuse 12.1?
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">19:31:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Good Question
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">19:32:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> although i was involved in appstream project in its beginning, unfortunately, i don't know the current state of it
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">19:32:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> vincent untz and frank karlitschek would now more
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">19:32:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> it definitely seems to have disappeared from main conversation these days
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">19:32:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz|IS:</span> you there ?
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">19:33:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> vuntz is on vacation in iceland till the end of the week
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">19:33:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> best we save this question for the next meeting
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">19:34:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so we're done?
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">19:34:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i guess so
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">19:35:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think we had a pretty good meeting today.  Good job guys!
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">19:35:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 5
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">19:35:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 4
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">19:35:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 3
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">19:35:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 2
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">19:35:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 1
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">19:35:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> good meeting.  Thanks all
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">19:35:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 0
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">19:35:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> -1
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">19:35:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">19:35:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> See you all in two weeks.  last one to Nuremberg is a rotten egg!
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">19:35:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> thanks all for joining us
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">19:35:36 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">didn't know atomic clocks could go negative</span>
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">19:35:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> they can't, they go 255 after 0 :-)
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">19:36:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
