<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:01:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project+Board Meeting 29-June-2011</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:01:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jun 29 18:01:01 2011 UTC.  The chair is AlanClark. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:01:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:01:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   don't forget to make chairs out of all board members
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:01:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Shall we begin?
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> For the agenda today we have:
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:01:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Agenda:
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:01:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> 1. Previous Action Items
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:01:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> 2. Status Reports
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:02:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> 3. openSUSE Strategy
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:02:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> 4. openSUSE Conference Planning
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:02:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> 5. Where do we need to improve? (15 minutes)
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:02:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> 6. Questions &amp; Answers (30 minutes)
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:02:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Does anyone wish to add to or remove from the agenda?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:02:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark sure types fast
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:02:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Let's add a topic for GSoC.   tian2992 has a request
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> that would be good :)
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:03:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> great! let's put that as agenda item #3
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:03:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> any other agenda requests?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:03:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wow  tian2992   You must be important that you got moved to #3!
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:04:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok let's start down the agenda
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:04:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:04:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> add us as #chair   and do roll call
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> good point
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:06:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> From the Board we have AlanClark, suseROCKS, prusnak, mrdocs (in 10min).  What about henne?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:06:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Rupert will not be present
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:06:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">henne AlanClark prusnak  mrdocs</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:06:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AlanClark henne mrdocs prusnak
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:07:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> me me me!
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:07:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">henne AlanClark prusnak suseROCKS mrdocs_</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:07:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Warning:</span> Nick not in channel: mrdocs_
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:07:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AlanClark henne mrdocs mrdocs_ prusnak suseROCKS
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:07:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting - http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   Just #topic
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:07:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok - I tend to get ahead of myself....
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:07:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Previous Action Items</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:08:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Looking at the action items for the project
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:08:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> https://bugzilla.novell.com/buglist.cgi?classification=openSUSE&amp;query_format=advanced&amp;bug_status=NEW&amp;bug_status=ASSIGNED&amp;bug_status=NEEDINFO&amp;bug_status=REOPENED&amp;component=Action%20Items&amp;product=openSUSE.org
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hmm  only prusnak is present
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:09:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We discussed these in great length at the last project meeting.  I don't really want to go through all that discussion again
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:09:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Is there any in particular that should be updated or discussed?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:09:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> my AI is done
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:10:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but let's briefly talk about Jos's AI.    I may have missed it, but I don't think he sent out a membership-direct email, did he?
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:10:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> so I am closing it right now
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:10:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thank you for bringing us closure, prusnak
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Jos' AI is bug # 700167
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:11:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Jos did send out a reminder to several of the mailing lists
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:11:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but not a direct mail to the membership, correct?   That was the reason we had this AI
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:12:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> It's very important that we have a high voting on this proposal or it will be very difficult to implement.  And the voting deadline is tomorrow
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:13:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Jos doesn't appear to be online
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:13:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and I haven't seen him here since Mon  :-/
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:14:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I will take the action item to follow up with him.
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:14:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   is there any way you can look at Connect and see how many votes are entered thus far?
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:14:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i'll check
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:15:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 107 votes
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:15:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we have ~500 members, right?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> That's not enough to approve or reject the proposal
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:15:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 469 to be exact
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:16:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> but these are just approved members
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:16:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   Nor is it enough to implement either.   We need strong support and cooperation before it can be successfully implemented
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:16:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> active are around 120-150, like i said during the last meeting
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:16:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> what's the definition of active?  Just for clarification
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:17:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> active is a person who did something for opensuse during the last year
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:17:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> and who follows the project closely
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:17:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> and ultimately votes in the polls
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:18:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so basically any indication of activity over a period of time
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:18:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> which infers that getting votes beyond the 120-150 will be difficult?
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:18:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well if we go by active, then we have a signiicant number of voters.  If we go by overall membership, we don't.
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:18:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,  I think it will be difficult if we do not send a direct mail to the mebership.  And I don't think we did that yet.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:19:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I move that we nail down Jos to send out that invite (now that prusnak has given instructions how to do so) and extend the voting period to exactly 14 days after mail send out.
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Sorry folks, but in my deepest opinion, every vote counts, ESPECIALLY for this particular vote.
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:20:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I agree every vote is critical.  I don't want to stop at teh 107.
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:20:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I have the AI to work with Jos
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:20:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   would you agree that's a fair proposal?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:21:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> do what you think is the best
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:22:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> +1 with suseROCKS proposal
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:23:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> let's move on - any other project AI's that we wish to discuss?
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:23:16 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">send a +1 ( but don't know if that count )</span>
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:23:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info  </span><span class="cmdline">Board agrees to extend Strategy Voting period to 14 days after JosPoortvliet sends out a direct mail to membership to please vote</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:24:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> In looking at Fate ID# 682098, I'd like to toss out an addiitional thought / idea
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:24:26 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">leans in and listens</span>
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:25:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We have the GSOC students and Mentors hard at work.  When all is done, we should recognize them for their efforts.
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:25:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> lo
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:25:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Any ideas on what would be appropriate?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:25:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> +10
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:25:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Send them autographed Geeko 8x10's?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:26:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> well if we did shirts, they should be special.. nice polo embroidered
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:26:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> brb  put little one to bed time
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:26:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> mrdocs,   shirts are nice, but how about something they can keep on their shelf for years to come and always remember us?
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:26:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i think writing a thank you blogpost is appropriate
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:27:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> You think way too big, prusnak   :-)
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:27:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> and inviting them to conference
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:27:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   if inviting includes sponsoring them, then I go for that  (if we even have such funds)
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:27:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oy&gt;</span> prusnak +1
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:28:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Good ideas - I'm writing these down. Of course funding will also be a factor.  Any other ideas?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:29:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> A plaque would be nice and long-term for them
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:29:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> better than a measly certificate of appreciation
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:30:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> do you thing people are doing that for plague?
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:30:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> or even better plaque
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:30:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We don't need to decide today. I'll create an AI in Fate so that we can track this for awhile.
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:30:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   its not about what they're doing it for.  its about us showing real appreciation.
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:31:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and that appreciation translates to long-term relationships hopefully
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:31:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> suseROCKS is correct, it's about recognizing people for their willingness to contribute and help
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:32:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> let's move on - any other project AI's that we wish to discuss?
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:33:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark to create FATE entry to recognize the efforts of the (openSUSE project) GSOC Mentors and Students</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:33:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I don't think there's any that can be discussed today since those folks aren't really around
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:33:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> let's move to the board AI's
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:34:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   before you paste that full and long URL....
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:34:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I wasn't going too ;-)
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:34:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if you right-click on the link in the agenda, you can copy the shortened URL which is friendlier for here  :-)
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:35:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yah that was slip of paste
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:35:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We blame that on mrdocs
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:35:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> On the Board AI's; again we discussed these heavily at the last meeting.
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:36:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Do we have any updates that we want to discuss?
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:36:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Don't think there's anything movement-wise to discuss
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:37:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I move we close this topic and move on to #2
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:37:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> agree... let's move on to the next agenda item
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:37:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status Reports</span>
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:37:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Is there anyone here who wants to give a quick status report on their team(s)?
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:38:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Y'know, when we become a Foundation, we're going to have to figure out a better way to do these statuses
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:38:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> totally agree -
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:40:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> what's the status of the foundation? any news
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:41:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> No real update to report today.  I'm still working with Legal and am delinquent in forming a 'budgeting' proposal.
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:42:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> seeing no status reports, let's move to the next topic
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:42:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">. GSoC.   tian2992 has a request</span>
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:42:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> tian2992, the floor is yours
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:43:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> oh, hi
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:43:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> my GSoC project consists on creating a repository for ICC Colour Profiles
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:44:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> as you might know or not, Colour calibration is critical for the design and medical fields, principally
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:44:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> to ensure accurate colour calibration, devices need profiles to match.
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:45:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> proprietary operating systems include several colour profiles, and this is a field in which Free operating systems have been lacking for some time
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:46:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> so, as my project is to implement a repository of colour profiles, I was wondering if it's possible to request a server to host this project on
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:48:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oy&gt;</span> the ICC profile repository would be shared across distributions
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:49:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> and hopefully supported by several free software tools
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:50:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oy&gt;</span> it is in this cross distribution behavior like OBS
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:51:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> to make sure that I'm understanding correctly... You need a neutral location to store the ICC repository?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:51:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oy&gt;</span> is OBS neutral?
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:52:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Sorry I had to step away a moment here    catching up now
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:52:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> oy - OBS to me, seems like a good option. tian2992?
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:53:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> AlanClark, what do you mean?
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:53:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> earlier tian2992  was saying he needed an actual server and not just a repository.   (Virtual server would be fine)   Can you explain what it is you need that OBS can't provide?
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:53:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> an status similar to OBS, of course in a smaller scale
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:53:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> oh, I haven't used OBS enough to say if it's functional to run in there
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:53:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tian2992,    Creating your own repository on OBS isn't enough?
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:54:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oy&gt;</span> :-) the ICC repository is a DB, which needs python running and some web space + web site
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:54:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok well isn't that what the mentor is there for to help guide you through that?
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:54:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ahhh  I see now
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:54:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oy,   so two questions then...
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:54:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> from the client side, it's a web service
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:54:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oy&gt;</span> OBS is about packages and quite different, juts the idea of sharing between distros is similar
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:54:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1...  Does it need to be an opensuse.org site or a self-managed site
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:55:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2.  How does updating the DB work?
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:55:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tian2992:</span> please consult this with your mentor
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:55:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> prusnak, oy is my mentor
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:55:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> actually cannot this be on oyranos website?
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:55:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oy&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> 1. not need, but would be nice to see there
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:56:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oy&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> could be the Oyranos web site, but that has not enough band width
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:56:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oy  is the DB specific to openSUSE?
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:56:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> what do you mean by 'specific'?
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:57:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> is this website to be used specifically to supply openSUSE machines  or can it be used to supply other distro machines as well?
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:57:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oy&gt;</span> its not specific for openSUSE, but if openSUSE runs it I thought it would make sense
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:57:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> It would be *nice* if openSUSE is seen as the driving force sponsoring the website, I agree.
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:57:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> In this case, I would suggest making a proposal to Jos, as he's always looking for these kinds of opportunities
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:57:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oy&gt;</span> to that point
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:58:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oy&gt;</span> ok, then we should contact Jos
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:58:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> please keep us in the loop.  This sounds exciting and a great opportunity for us all
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:59:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> tian2992, oy; Jos and I (AlanClark) can help you with this.  Let's work this through email
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:59:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> one last question
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:59:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:59:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> does having the server (or not) impact the successful delivery of your student project?
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">19:00:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> in other words, do you need a web server right now?
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">19:00:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oy&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tian2992:</span> ?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">19:00:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> I've been doing the development on my local machine
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">19:01:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> but I think that for a successful deployment on "production", having the support would significantly help to make the continuation of the project successful
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">19:02:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> continuation is one thing.   I'm asking if this will affect your current student project (which ends in a few weeks) in any negative way if you don't have a server within this month
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">19:02:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> (this month = July)
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">19:02:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> if it is good i'm sure someone will pick-up and host it somewhere
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">19:02:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we need to understand the priority here
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">19:02:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> oh, i don't think would not affect it significantly on the short term
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">19:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">19:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> then continue on with email with AlanClark and Jos and just keep us all informed as we're excited to hear more  :-)
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">19:03:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">tian2992, will send AlanClark and Jos an email with these details that we've discussed here.</span>
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">19:03:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> thanks!
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">19:03:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> tian2992 any thing more to discuss?
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">19:04:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> I don't think so , but we'll be in touch
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">19:04:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tian2992&gt;</span> thanks everyone
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">19:04:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks.  By the way, Great project!
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">19:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> on to the next topic...
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">19:05:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Strategy</span>
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">19:05:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> update given by Thomas Thyme
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">19:06:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We discussed this topic during the AIs.  Is Thomas around?  Anything else to discuss?
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">19:06:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Don't think so and move we move
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">19:06:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok next topic
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">19:06:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Conference Planning</span>
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">19:07:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> This was placed on the agenda to reminda all that the call for papers ends July 11, submit your proposal today!
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">19:08:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we're kind of moving on a snail's pace on this one but for the moment, I would urge *ALL* board members to reach out to their various contacts and ask for sponsorship to the conference
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">19:08:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> And I am going to step up (along with Jos) efforts to reach out to people to submit their CFPs.
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">19:09:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If there is anyone here who know someone who can do an interesting topic at the conference, please reach out tot hem and ask them to submit their proposals!
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">19:09:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Let's be more proactive, not reactive here!
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">19:09:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">19:10:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> In fact, i propose this be an action item for each board member to do just that
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">19:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Just like we took it on as an action item to send out invitations to each organization last time as a board
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">19:10:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We don't have AJ nor Izabel online for any updates....
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">19:11:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Izabel is at a confernece today pumping hands to get more sponsors.  :-)
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">19:11:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> suseROCKS would you enter that into Fate?
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">19:11:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> what info?
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">19:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the action item I'm proposing?
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">19:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> sorry bugzilla
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">19:12:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">19:12:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">19:12:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'll do that this afternoon
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">19:12:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> do I assign it to board@o.o?
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">19:13:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKS to create bugzilla entry to urge *ALL* board members to reach out to their various contacts and ask for sponsorship to the conference</span>
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">19:13:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   actually that would be #action   #info is just info  :-)
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">19:14:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> and it's about getting interesting topics, not sponsors ;-)
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">19:14:22 </span><span class="nka">* cboltz</span> <span class="ac">recommends #undo</span>
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">19:14:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> cb400f,   No.   its both
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">19:14:48 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">undo's cboltz's undo</span>
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">19:15:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKS to create bugzilla entry to urge *ALL* board members to reach out to their various contacts and ask for sponsorship to the conference</span>
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">19:15:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oy&gt;</span> is http://de.opensuse.org/Veranstaltungen the link to the conference?
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">19:15:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   While we have you here, since you're on the sponsorship team,  can you link us again to the sponsorship brochure?
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">19:16:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Board Members reach out to those who can do interesting topics and ask them to submit their proposals</span>
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">19:16:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oy,   conference.opensuse.org
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">19:17:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;oy&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">19:18:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> suseROCKS, the brochure has been going back and forth across the mailing list.  I don't know if Izabel has posted it to the web
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">19:20:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'll ask Izabel to post it to the conference program committee page
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">19:20:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">19:21:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> action AlanClark to ask Izabel to post the sponsorship brochure to the conference program committee page
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">19:21:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> sheesh
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">19:22:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark to ask Izabel to post the sponsorship brochure to the conference program committee page</span>
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">19:22:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok next topic?
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">19:22:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Where do we need to improve?</span>
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">19:23:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Any discussion for this topic?
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">19:24:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I haven't got anything
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">19:25:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> going once, twice,...
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">19:26:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok, last topic
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">19:26:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Questions &amp; Answers</span>
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">19:27:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Any discussion for this topic?  I'm not seeing any questions posted.
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">19:28:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> maybe an idea for some conference workshops:
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">19:28:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> learn programming by fixing a small program in $language
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">19:28:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> (for various $language)
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">19:29:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> cboltz,  If you can do it or you can recommend someone to do it, I urge you to submit  -)
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">19:30:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> jw told me he did this with trainees for C or C++ - and he could probably do it at the conference too
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">19:30:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> maybe other people can do it for PHP, perl, python, whatever
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">19:31:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> good idea.  See if jw or others will submit a session proposal.
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">19:31:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> can you ask him to please submit to the CFP because we are closing on deadline on July 11
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">19:32:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> I'll send him a mail
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">19:32:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">19:32:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> any other topics for today?
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">19:32:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> however I have no idea who could do it for other languages
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">19:34:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Thanks everyone for participating in todays project meeting.   Enjoy the rest of your day!
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">19:34:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> cb400f,   Maybe Google Translate can take care of other languages?
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">19:34:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
