===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE project meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by mrdocs at 18:02:09 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2011/opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Old Action Items  (mrdocs, 18:04:10)
  * http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items  (mrdocs, 18:04:23)
  * http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais  (mrdocs, 18:06:07)
  * LINK: https://bugzilla.novell.com/show_bug.cgi?id=670590   (mrdocs,
    18:06:58)

* Status Reports  (mrdocs, 18:07:32)
  * openqa will make a 1.0 release by 11 Oct  (mrdocs, 18:12:29)

* 2012 elections  (mrdocs, 18:21:59)
  * LINK: http://ietherpad.com/board-elections   (suseROCKs, 18:23:35)
  * izabelvalverde oy and 2 others have volunteered to work on Election
    Commitee  (mrdocs, 18:30:51)
  * ACTION: item - AlanClark suseROCKs to make announcement calling for
    Election Commitee volunteers  (mrdocs, 18:33:05)
  * ACTION: deadline 4 Oct  (mrdocs, 18:33:36)

* permission@ requests  (mrdocs, 18:38:37)
  * bear454 to lead the election committee  (mrdocs, 18:39:25)
  * AlanClark AJaeger to further discuss and report final details for
    Heinlein Support  (mrdocs, 18:45:32)
  * ACTION: AlanClark and mrdocs reply to their request of OSP , but to
    decline the "exclusive" part  (mrdocs, 18:57:41)
  * ACTION: AlanClark to contact legal and follow-up with HaiSoft, board
    votes OK with permission  (mrdocs, 19:07:46)

* where can we improve ?  (mrdocs, 19:10:40)
  * http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:What_to_improve_osc11_session
    (mrdocs, 19:10:48)

* 5 min intermission  (mrdocs, 19:13:33)

* where can we improve ?  (mrdocs, 19:18:33)
  * http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:What_to_improve_osc11_session
    (mrdocs, 19:18:39)
  * ACTION: postpone discussion until robjo can attend  (mrdocs,
    19:21:04)

* Q&A  (mrdocs, 19:21:23)
  * ACTION: mrdocs to try and start a first draft tonight  (mrdocs,
    19:48:19)
  * ACTION: mrdocs to write first draft of hackweek announcement, aj,
    prusnak and jw will review and publish it by end of day Thursday
    (suseROCKs, 19:50:50)
  * LINK: http://software.opensuse.org/114/en right now contains a link
    "Buy openSUSE" which links to http://en.opensuse.org/Buy_openSUSE.
    (AJaeger, 19:51:04)
  * LINK:
    http://en.opensuse.org/images/2/2f/Sponsoring-concept-opensuse.pdf
    should be the sponsor brochure  (AJaeger, 20:12:48)
  * ACTION: postpone discussion for sponsor levels for next meeting
    (mrdocs, 20:15:04)



Meeting ended at 20:15:31 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* AlanClark
  * item - AlanClark suseROCKs to make announcement calling for Election
    Commitee volunteers
  * AlanClark and mrdocs reply to their request of OSP , but to decline
    the "exclusive" part
  * AlanClark to contact legal and follow-up with HaiSoft, board votes
    OK with permission
* mrdocs
  * AlanClark and mrdocs reply to their request of OSP , but to decline
    the "exclusive" part
  * mrdocs to try and start a first draft tonight
  * mrdocs to write first draft of hackweek announcement, aj, prusnak
    and jw will review and publish it by end of day Thursday
* prusnak
  * mrdocs to write first draft of hackweek announcement, aj, prusnak
    and jw will review and publish it by end of day Thursday
* suseROCKs
  * item - AlanClark suseROCKs to make announcement calling for Election
    Commitee volunteers
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * deadline 4 Oct
  * postpone discussion until robjo can attend
  * postpone discussion for sponsor levels for next meeting



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* mrdocs (211)
* suseROCKs (163)
* yaloki (107)
* drago (84)
* AJaeger (80)
* nmarques (72)
* AlanClark (40)
* prusnak (35)
* manugupt1 (24)
* dragotin (19)
* izabelvalverde (14)
* warlordfff (8)
* bear454 (7)
* bugbot (6)
* andy__ (4)
* coolo (2)
* vuntz (1)
* oy (1)
* cboltz (1)
* Ilmehtar (1)
* henne (0)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4