18:02:09 <mrdocs> #startmeeting openSUSE project meeting
18:02:09 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed Sep 21 18:02:09 2011 UTC.  The chair is mrdocs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
18:02:09 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
18:02:11 <AJaeger> dragotin: Yes, meeting!
18:02:15 * suseROCKs wonders if that's going to make dragotin run now
18:02:15 <dragotin> even better
18:02:30 <mrdocs> #chairs prusnak suseROCKs AlanClark mrdocs
18:02:45 <suseROCKs> I assume henne is on FTO?
18:02:51 <mrdocs> #chair prusnak suseROCKs AlanClark mrdocs
18:02:51 <bugbot> Current chairs: AlanClark mrdocs prusnak suseROCKs
18:02:51 <dragotin> he is
18:02:53 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Yes, he is
18:03:19 <mrdocs> #chair henne
18:03:19 <bugbot> Current chairs: AlanClark henne mrdocs prusnak suseROCKs
18:03:23 <mrdocs> just in case
18:03:35 <mrdocs> shall we  begin ?
18:03:37 <AlanClark> Have we heard from Rupert?
18:03:47 <mrdocs> not recently
18:04:01 <AlanClark> ok, on with the agenda
18:04:08 <dragotin> I run to another computer, see you soon
18:04:10 <mrdocs> #topic Old Action Items
18:04:23 <mrdocs> #info http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items
18:05:12 <suseROCKs> I don't think there's anything discussable in that list right now
18:05:24 <suseROCKs> they're almost all stagnated for various reasons
18:05:26 * mrdocs nods
18:06:04 <suseROCKs> hmm that should be a new status item for bugzilla  "Status = Stagnated"  :-)
18:06:07 <mrdocs> #info http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais
18:06:12 <mrdocs> suseROCKs:  Stuck
18:06:38 <suseROCKs> thought Stuck meant Breakfast  :-)
18:06:41 <mrdocs> bug 670594
18:06:41 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 670594 in openSUSE.org (Board) "Write an announcement about the new process of creating the foundation." [Critical,Assigned] https://bugzilla.novell.com/670594
18:06:58 <mrdocs> https://bugzilla.novell.com/show_bug.cgi?id=670590
18:07:01 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 670590 in openSUSE.org (Board) "user search for bugzilla" [Normal,New]
18:07:04 <suseROCKs> all items here is also stagnated/stuck
18:07:09 * mrdocs nods
18:07:16 * mrdocs moves on
18:07:32 <mrdocs> #topic Status Reports
18:07:47 <mrdocs> wstephenson: vuntz anything from Desktop Teams ?
18:08:14 <vuntz> mrdocs: usual package updates
18:08:22 <dragotin> re
18:08:33 <mrdocs> dragotin: ?
18:08:43 <dragotin> yes
18:09:05 <mrdocs> thought you had something to report, other than beer consumption at OSC :)
18:09:08 <suseROCKs> he's just saying he's back in case we didn't miss him, but fact is, we ALWAYS miss dragotin!
18:09:17 * mrdocs nods
18:09:22 <suseROCKs> wait... there was beer???
18:09:31 <dragotin> sorry, didn't want to confuse
18:09:38 <mrdocs> dragotin: NP
18:09:46 <mrdocs> next any other status reports ?
18:09:58 <suseROCKs> Beta of 12.1 has been delayed by up to two weeks
18:10:02 <mrdocs> yes
18:10:10 <mrdocs> good thing methinks
18:10:30 <suseROCKs> another status update....  Marketing team had its hackfest this past Thurs and Friday
18:10:48 <suseROCKs> a lot of tasks got assigned and we'll see some good results in time for 12.1 release day I'm sure
18:10:50 * manugupt1 will say what he did at the fest
18:10:58 <suseROCKs> go for it, manugupt1
18:11:06 <mrdocs> manugupt1: we are all ears
18:11:09 <manugupt1> Well we plan to work on openqa
18:11:27 <mrdocs> awesome
18:11:28 <manugupt1> We have release announcements ready and me and Jos wants to make it the next big software at openSUSE
18:11:42 <manugupt1> Something like openSUSE Project = openSUSE + OBS + OpenQA
18:11:47 <manugupt1> We have 5 articles ready
18:11:56 <manugupt1> Bernhard is making a 1.0 release soon
18:12:02 <mrdocs> great stuff ! :)
18:12:18 <manugupt1> By 11th october it should be on news / media
18:12:28 <manugupt1> and then a series of howtos if the media agrees
18:12:29 <mrdocs> #info openqa will make a 1.0 release by 11 Oct
18:12:44 <manugupt1> That is what the plan is
18:12:46 * dragotin doesn't really like the equation
18:13:00 <suseROCKs> dragotin,  what would you suggest?
18:13:08 <manugupt1> Anyone can chip in here http://ietherpad.com/openqa
18:13:21 <manugupt1> Ok.. We just thought and would like
18:13:31 <dragotin> openSUSE is still more than openSUSE + OBS + OpenQA
18:13:54 <dragotin> for example community :-)
18:14:00 <manugupt1> dragotin: But its not public yet.. something we need to work on I agree
18:14:08 <dragotin> ok
18:14:10 <manugupt1> dragotin: We are the biggest community no one can beat that :)
18:14:19 <manugupt1> The whole world agrees
18:14:20 <AlanClark> I agree with dragotin.  There's more to the project.
18:14:20 <suseROCKs> dragotin,  well you're right about that.  During the "Message BoF' at the conference, people wanted the distro to be distinctively named.    "openSUSE" should be generic, while Distro should be something like "openSUSE Distro" or something like that
18:14:30 <mrdocs> + good beer :)
18:14:52 <suseROCKs> and I will be publishing my BoF report tomorrow on the Message BoF
18:14:57 <dragotin> suseROCKs: good point to have openSUSE set free
18:15:24 <mrdocs> anything else for this ?
18:15:29 <mrdocs> any other reports ?
18:15:34 <suseROCKs> how about a conference report?
18:15:41 <suseROCKs> overall stats and such?
18:15:41 <coolo> we can name it coolOpensuse :)
18:15:48 <mrdocs> coolo: :D
18:15:50 <manugupt1> suseROCKs: One has already been published during the hackfest
18:15:51 <dragotin> coolo: lol
18:15:57 <manugupt1> but more are welcome :)
18:16:08 <suseROCKs> manugupt1,   yes but I'm saying a status report that is entered into the record here
18:16:20 <manugupt1> Oh.. sorry..
18:16:24 <coolo> dragotin: of course written with the stereo sign where the O is
18:16:33 <AlanClark> osc11 huge success, what more can be said?
18:16:47 * mrdocs was really sad to miss it
18:17:03 <suseROCKs> Did we raise some decent funds from beer and t-shirt sales?
18:17:04 * AlanClark wonders what happened to the left over beer?
18:17:16 <mrdocs> AlanClark: prolly none left ;)
18:17:19 <dragotin> AlanClark: its in the office
18:17:19 <manugupt1> Awesome beer and pizzas and lots of cheese
18:17:28 <prusnak> i guess we now know why we haven't seen henne since the conference ended :)
18:17:31 <AlanClark> by the way, henne never brewed that root beer for  me ;-)
18:17:34 <dragotin> AlanClark: the next event is on october 22nd
18:17:50 <mrdocs> dragotin: where ?
18:17:51 <izabelvalverde> for me was great cause I'll step into wiki team to help henne
18:17:52 <suseROCKs> What s on Oct 22nd?
18:18:11 <dragotin> An event called "Lange Nacht der Wissenschaften"
18:18:21 <dragotin> its a Nuremberg local event
18:18:22 <mrdocs> izabelvalverde: awesome... big necessary job :)
18:18:31 <dragotin> of tech companies, universities and such
18:18:36 <suseROCKs> dragotin,   are you just saying that to try to get me to twist my tongue?
18:18:52 <dragotin> we have a room there at the university in Nbg.
18:19:01 <yaloki> suseROCKs: now I am, sorry, kids â†’ bed and such
18:19:03 <dragotin> and will see more than 1000 people there probabbly
18:19:10 <izabelvalverde> mrdocs besides a great team ;-)
18:19:22 <mrdocs> yaloki: o/
18:19:31 <AlanClark> dragotin; glad to see it go to good use
18:19:39 <suseROCKs> Speaking of events...  openSUSE Community will be making its first official appearance at Brainshare in 3 weeks from now as special guests of SUSE.  W00T!
18:19:51 <mrdocs> yup
18:20:03 <mrdocs> big important place for visibilty
18:20:07 <mrdocs> next
18:20:14 <mrdocs> any other remaining reports ?
18:20:16 <manugupt1> and also comment on this it would be great for a few people I know and have mentioned there http://sysbytes.wordpress.com/2011/09/19/opensuse-india/ :)
18:21:26 <mrdocs> manugupt1: make sure those are on planet and in news where appropriate
18:21:29 <suseROCKs> ok mrdocs  I guess that's all the status updates
18:21:37 * mrdocs moves on
18:21:40 <manugupt1> mrdocs: yes..
18:21:59 <mrdocs> #topic 2012 elections
18:22:15 <bear454> Do we really have to talk politics ?
18:22:18 <yaloki> :)
18:22:29 <mrdocs> who wants to start on that one.. anyone from current commitee
18:22:31 <mrdocs> ?
18:22:34 <suseROCKs> only when it involves your extreme leftist views, bear454   :-)
18:22:39 <yaloki> we have a commitee yet ?
18:22:41 <suseROCKs> mrdocs,  I'll take this one
18:22:52 <mrdocs> suseROCKs: go go go
18:22:56 <AJaeger> mrdocs: There's no current committee - just the one from the last election;)
18:23:02 <suseROCKs> no we don't have a committee yet, but AlanClark  and I have already begun drafting the request for volunteers
18:23:34 <suseROCKs> it requires the board to review the text and modify where appropriate and then I'll post it ASAP where relevant
18:23:35 <suseROCKs> http://ietherpad.com/board-elections
18:23:37 <mrdocs> suseROCKs: what else needs doing ?
18:23:39 <izabelvalverde> I can step into committee if it needed
18:23:58 <AlanClark> need to mention that we discussed the elections at the osc general meeting.
18:24:05 * suseROCKs adds izabelvalverde to the committee list of volunteers
18:24:36 <AlanClark> Thanks izabelvalverde!
18:24:40 <yaloki> izabelvalverde: kudos
18:24:44 * mrdocs wonders if oy would also help
18:25:06 <AlanClark> we had 2 people volunteer at the general meeting
18:25:17 <yaloki> wstephenson: would you be interested in being in the election committee again? if I'm not mistaken, you were part of it last time
18:25:19 <mrdocs> AlanClark: how many do we need in total
18:25:32 <AJaeger> Deadline of 7th October is too long IMO. Let's get this out and have it closed before the next project meeting
18:25:35 <suseROCKs> 237, mrdocs
18:25:48 <drago> yaloki: I think it was digitltom
18:26:01 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,  that's fine too.   We litterally made this draft an hour ago and its just a brain dump as of now
18:26:11 <yaloki> drago: oh.. but wstephenson was in in the time before then, I'm pretty sure he was
18:26:11 <AlanClark> AJaeger, I agree
18:26:14 <yaloki> :)
18:26:58 <yaloki> ok, so once we have the committee we need a time frame
18:27:04 <AJaeger> Last year it was digitltom, Sascha Manns, Stathis Iosifidis, Satoru Matsumoto
18:27:05 <mrdocs> exactly
18:27:09 <yaloki> I already announced I'm running
18:27:37 <AJaeger> yaloki: You need to announce it properly once the election committee has declared how to do it ;)
18:27:42 <yaloki> AJaeger: yep
18:27:44 <suseROCKs> yaloki,   the time frame is primarily designed by the committee itself
18:27:52 <yaloki> correct
18:27:53 <suseROCKs> so the sooner we get the committee formed, the sooner the time frame evolves
18:27:57 <AJaeger> yaloki: But it means you should not join the election committee...
18:28:03 <yaloki> AJaeger: I know, I won't :)
18:28:17 <oy> mrdocs: yes, I would help
18:28:18 <AlanClark> not to speak for digitom, in talking to him he said he would help.  He's not available to lead, but will help with the technical stuff
18:28:28 <yaloki> kudos to oy too!
18:28:40 <suseROCKs> ok so we have two volunteers now
18:28:48 <suseROCKs> do we want to set a cap for number of volunteers?
18:28:52 <mrdocs> oy: yes... i think you have done a lot and certainly are trustworthy
18:28:56 <yaloki> wasn't it 5 people ?
18:28:58 <yaloki> or 3 ?
18:29:16 <mrdocs> 4 last year
18:29:25 <AlanClark> let's cap it at 5
18:29:29 <yaloki> I wonder whether 3 would be sufficient, actually
18:29:33 <izabelvalverde> suseROCKs who's 2?
18:29:35 <AJaeger> "The election is run by an Election Committee that consists of at least three openSUSE members. The Election Committee is appointed for each election by the board. "
18:29:40 <suseROCKs> izabelvalverde,   you and Oy
18:29:43 * AJaeger cites the rules
18:29:50 <yaloki> and, as AlanClark said, probably digitltom too
18:30:03 <mrdocs> ok so
18:30:04 <yaloki> so we might have 3 already
18:30:16 <yaloki> oy: weren't you on one of those committees in the past ?
18:30:25 <suseROCKs> well digitltom never really considred himself an active member of the past teams,  just a tech assistant iirc
18:30:29 <AJaeger> yaloki: No, he was not.
18:30:31 <yaloki> would be good to know from someone who has been there whether 3 is enough
18:30:38 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: He was active.
18:30:43 <yaloki> hmmm okay
18:30:45 <suseROCKs> ok
18:30:51 <mrdocs> #info izabelvalverde oy and 2 others have volunteered to work on Election Commitee
18:30:56 <AJaeger> yaloki: You need two active and committed people ;)
18:30:59 <mrdocs> any action items ?
18:31:03 * yaloki is being too practical right now :>
18:31:08 <suseROCKs> so does this mean we don't have to do an announcement after all?  :-)
18:31:18 <AJaeger> So, should we just make the three the commitee and not do a call for volunteers?
18:31:24 <mrdocs> yeah, we annouce the appointments
18:31:28 <yaloki> AJaeger: +1
18:31:29 <AlanClark> let's do the announcement
18:31:35 <mrdocs> no i we still ask
18:31:39 <prusnak> suseROCKs: please do, but sent it ASAP
18:31:41 * nmarques loves democracy
18:31:48 <mrdocs> so if someone wants to, can raise their hand
18:31:59 <suseROCKs> prusnak,   ok but we need to make sure the text is agreeable.
18:32:11 <suseROCKs> Also AJaeger proposes a different deadline date for volunteers.  What is the new date proposed?
18:32:23 <AJaeger> mrdocs: Then make a short timeline - next project meeting is on the 5th, so make the deadline the 4th.
18:32:35 <yaloki> AJaeger: yeah true, that's probably better indeed
18:32:36 <suseROCKs> ok I'll modify it then
18:32:49 * suseROCKs modifies and will send out after the meeting
18:33:05 <mrdocs> #action item - AlanClark suseROCKs to make announcement calling for Election Commitee volunteers
18:33:12 <suseROCKs> if there4s any other textual polishings, please speak now or forever hold your peace  :-)
18:33:13 <AlanClark> of those who volunteered today, are any of you williing to lead the committee?
18:33:28 <izabelvalverde> I'm not :-D
18:33:36 <mrdocs> #action deadline 4 Oct
18:33:44 <prusnak> the text looks ok to me
18:33:46 <bear454> AlanClark: what's involved in "leading the committee" ?
18:33:47 <mrdocs> next ?
18:33:57 <suseROCKs> mrdocs,   I think your action item needed a little more decriptiveness  :-)
18:34:02 <bear454> AlanClark: wiki link ?
18:34:15 <mrdocs> suseROCKs: yup
18:34:21 <AlanClark> bear454: keeping the commmittee on track
18:34:33 <AJaeger> bear454:  The leading is informal, there's no leader but you need to keep everything on track.
18:34:45 <mrdocs> reporting to the board in a timely fashion
18:34:46 <AJaeger> bear454: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Board_election
18:35:03 <bear454> that sounds like something I'd be *horrible* at :/
18:35:12 <AJaeger> mrdocs: The election committee does not report to the board - it works on its own once setup.
18:35:20 * mrdocs nods
18:35:39 <yaloki> and tom is there with his experience for the technical side of things
18:35:43 <yaloki> (voting, counting)
18:35:44 <AJaeger> But you don't want to kick it awake every two weeks ;)
18:36:11 <mrdocs> next ?
18:36:17 <mrdocs> anything else to add
18:36:18 <mrdocs> ?
18:36:19 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   it doesn't report per se, but it should give regular status updates to let us know things are on track
18:36:41 <suseROCKs> and that can be done during Project meeting's Status Updates topic section
18:37:10 <AJaeger> Yes, it should inform the community what the status is.
18:37:55 <suseROCKs> ok I think that's all for this topic...  /me yields the floor back to meeting chair
18:38:12 <AlanClark> bear454: by the way, you'd make a great lead.
18:38:37 <mrdocs> #topic permission@ requests
18:38:41 <mrdocs> First
18:38:50 <mrdocs> Request for Bronze sponsorship of openSUSE from Heinlein Support
18:38:57 <bear454> GAH
18:39:05 * bear454 volunteers to lead the election committee
18:39:06 <mrdocs> comments ?
18:39:13 <AlanClark> I'll take the lead on this one
18:39:25 <mrdocs> #info bear454 to lead the election committee
18:39:43 <AlanClark> Board members, you should have seen the permission request on this.
18:39:53 <mrdocs> yup
18:39:58 <mrdocs> i see no issues there
18:40:09 <suseROCKs> si
18:40:22 <mrdocs> suseROCKs: there are ?
18:40:29 <suseROCKs> no
18:40:33 <mrdocs> +1 from me
18:40:37 <suseROCKs> si to AlanClark saying we should have read it  :-P
18:40:41 <AlanClark> What I would ask from the board is to approve the proposal to add them as a Bronze Sponsor with AJ and I to work the details
18:40:54 <mrdocs> AlanClark: great
18:40:57 <drago> Bronze Sponsor for what?
18:41:02 <mrdocs> openSUSE
18:41:04 <suseROCKs> well hang on AlanClark ....
18:41:06 <AJaeger> drago: Bronze Sponsor for the project
18:41:20 <drago> what will they donate?
18:41:25 <suseROCKs> I welcome sponsors, just like all others.  But one thing we've always raised the question of in the past and never quite figured out how to answer is... "What does sponsor mean?"
18:41:33 <AJaeger> drago: Those are the details to work out ;)
18:41:51 <AJaeger> drago: Hosting is one option - as the two of us discussed at osc11
18:41:52 <suseROCKs> so we should approve before the details?
18:42:01 <drago> I see, thanks
18:42:02 <mrdocs> suseROCKs: in this case its money, hardware or services rendered
18:42:24 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: I suggest you let AlanClark and myself continue investigating.
18:42:41 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,  that's what I would prefer as well,
18:42:51 <AJaeger> I suggest that the two of us report back before we make a final "signature" under everything, we'd like to have a "go ahead and work out details"
18:42:53 <suseROCKs> unless you are asking us to approve the investigation itself?
18:43:04 <suseROCKs> yes AJaeger   +1 to that
18:43:07 <AJaeger> And your guidance on what to look for
18:43:17 <mrdocs> ok I move we ok it as AlanClark suggested then a final ok after the details are understood
18:43:36 <suseROCKs> +1  (official vote)
18:43:37 <mrdocs> a second ?
18:43:47 <mrdocs> prusnak:  ?
18:43:55 <suseROCKs> don't go parliamentarian on us mrdocs   :-)
18:44:05 <prusnak> i am okay with investigation
18:44:11 <mrdocs> suseROCKs: trying to move things along :)
18:44:19 <prusnak> i don't think we need to vote on investigating
18:44:53 <suseROCKs> no but its fun to use the keystroke combo once in a while to create the + sign  :-)
18:45:16 <suseROCKs> next item?
18:45:32 <mrdocs> #info AlanClark AJaeger to further discuss and report final details for Heinlein Support
18:45:43 <mrdocs> Open Source Press ?
18:46:01 <AlanClark> This is another request that came in from @permission
18:46:03 <mrdocs> I'll say a couple things there
18:46:34 <mrdocs> I have had a good experience with them in discussing a book contract
18:47:14 <mrdocs> very pro open source, good people to work with
18:47:16 <mrdocs> eg
18:47:31 <mrdocs> very responsive and reasonable
18:47:49 <mrdocs> i need to re-read their request, but i did not see anything which bites
18:47:50 <mrdocs> but
18:48:15 <suseROCKs> that's all very good and I have no doubt of their professionalism.   However they are requesting an exclusive contract to distribute boxed 12.1 DVDs and that's a problem in my book.
18:48:17 <AJaeger> There is one think we should discuss for sure - exclusivity.
18:48:29 <mrdocs> requesting to ship a box.. no issues there, but not exclusively
18:48:30 <mrdocs> and
18:48:44 <drago> why not exclusively?
18:48:49 <mrdocs> its not clear to me if it is meant in German or English or other languages
18:49:05 <drago> they are talking about a *openSUSE* box, right
18:49:07 <drago> ?
18:49:12 <AJaeger> mrdocs: German for sure, the others I don't know
18:49:19 <suseROCKs> drago,    For one thing, we have already given approvals to others in smaller groups to distribute openSUSE in their regions.   We can't shut them down
18:49:19 <mrdocs> AJaeger: exactly
18:49:33 <drago> so exclusivity would not harm any derivates
18:49:44 <drago> suseROCKs: whom?
18:50:02 <suseROCKs> we'd have to look back our records for whom, but there's someone in England if I'm not mistaken
18:50:04 <izabelvalverde> exclusivity would be better than nothing here in Brazil
18:50:10 <nmarques> may I ask one simple question ?
18:50:18 <nmarques> just plain curiosity
18:50:27 <yaloki> nmarques: just ask :)
18:50:28 <nmarques> when one asks for exclusivity he has to give something back
18:50:29 <Ilmehtar> suseROCKs: SatManUK, you're right
18:50:40 <nmarques> what are they offering for 'exclusivity' ?
18:50:50 <nmarques> what does openSUSE gets from it ?
18:50:51 <yaloki> nmarques: doing it in the first place, I guess
18:50:56 <suseROCKs> nmarques,   at this time they are offering nothing except asking for exclusivity.  That's the other issue I have
18:51:09 <nmarques> so the answer seems to be quite easy :)
18:51:16 <nmarques> I lay back now
18:51:18 <AJaeger> I think the exclusivity is only about the "box" - and I would not make it any broader.
18:51:30 <suseROCKs> but we hve had problems with "exclusive" distributors in the past.   and I don't see why we want to get locked into something that only one distributor gets to do
18:51:47 <suseROCKs> plus in their email request they ask for advertisement space on the .de version of openSUSE website.
18:51:55 <drago> suseROCKs: nobody will make the investment if it is not exclusive
18:52:03 <suseROCKs> That tells me they don't necessarily have a plan to reach out to other markets.
18:52:04 <mrdocs> From the request:  "
18:52:06 <mrdocs> We may use openSUSE trademarks, logos, and artwork for the software
18:52:06 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Besides SUSE in the past, there was never an exclusive distributor
18:52:07 <drago> and how many official opensuse boxes do you want to have?
18:52:07 <mrdocs> box openSUSE 12.1. We may use these exclusively, ie. other companies
18:52:09 <mrdocs> like open-slx GmbH are not allowed to use trademarks and logos for
18:52:10 <mrdocs> version 12.1.
18:52:31 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   open-slx claimed to have a contract  (though maybe not necessarily "exclusive")
18:52:32 <nmarques> just another question
18:52:40 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Not exclusive!
18:52:41 <suseROCKs> in which case, exclusivitity takes this to a higher level than in the past
18:52:48 <nmarques> how much is worth the german market for openSUSE in value and volume ? :)
18:52:57 <nmarques> that would point how much 'exclusivity' is worth
18:52:57 <izabelvalverde> when in the past exclusively?
18:53:01 <mrdocs> nmarques: good question
18:53:11 <nmarques> mrdocs: ;)
18:53:39 <AJaeger> I doubt they will sell more than 10000 boxes.
18:53:39 <mrdocs> now so we obviously cannot accept their proposal as is
18:53:47 <nmarques> 10.000 boxes ? :)
18:54:03 <nmarques> that's quite a lot
18:54:03 <izabelvalverde> if so great!!!
18:54:04 <suseROCKs> I don't know.  I just see repeat problems of the past if we have to do a contract.
18:54:08 <mrdocs> how do we move forward ?
18:54:14 <nmarques> my advice ?
18:54:17 <drago> depends on how they market it, right?
18:54:18 <AJaeger> nmarques: That's a few - we had 200000 in the past.
18:54:21 <bear454> nmarques: be careful with your thousandths separator... in US 10.000 == 10.
18:54:33 <nmarques> take no action until you have all the data
18:54:39 <AJaeger> bear454: I meant 10k ;)
18:54:50 <nmarques> we're talking maybe on big numbers
18:54:56 <nmarques> with zero return for openSUSE
18:54:58 <nmarques> ;)
18:55:04 <nmarques> and we still have to make free advertisment ?
18:55:09 <nmarques> sounds like a very good deal
18:55:11 <nmarques> for them
18:55:12 <nmarques> :)
18:55:15 <AJaeger> nmarques: It's small numbers with the margins they have.
18:55:23 <yaloki> nmarques: there is an implicit turnaround though
18:55:27 <yaloki> nmarques: more users
18:55:29 <drago> nmarques: you could have applied as well :-)
18:55:36 <prusnak> return for opensuse is that there ARE actually some boxes
18:55:40 <nmarques> yaloki: more users? sounds like a falacy to me
18:55:41 <yaloki> right
18:55:48 <drago> and nobody said that there is zero return for opensuse
18:55:50 <AlanClark> mrdocs, I'll take the action item to reply to their request; explaining that we are not inclined to offer exclusive, etc...
18:55:51 <nmarques> yaloki: who buys boxes ? legacy users or new users ? :)
18:55:54 <yaloki> nmarques: well, if they don't do it, there is no boxed openSUSE at all
18:56:06 <nmarques> yaloki: yeah, I'm not against
18:56:07 <yaloki> nmarques: in countries with bad internet connections, it's still very much an option
18:56:11 <yaloki> (and that includes germany)
18:56:12 <nmarques> yaloki: just take something out of it
18:56:16 <nmarques> yaloki: for example
18:56:20 <drago> yaloki: unfortunately true :-(
18:56:23 <mrdocs> AlanClark: let's work on this together as I have had contact with Markus as well
18:56:29 <nmarques> yaloki: they should do the advertisement for openSUSE, not the other way around
18:56:30 <yaloki> nmarques: I see your point, but as AJaeger said, the margin is very low
18:56:43 <nmarques> yaloki: the problem isn't the margin
18:56:51 <nmarques> yaloki: we can't take money from them can we ? :)
18:56:54 <AJaeger> One info: We should really reply to them today, they are time constrainted to hit the christmas season.
18:57:00 <nmarques> yaloki: so the $US or â‚¬'s are not worth
18:57:07 <yaloki> nmarques: probably difficult, indeed
18:57:10 <nmarques> yaloki: but we can take other things, like advertisement and promotion
18:57:16 <yaloki> sure
18:57:17 <AlanClark> mrdocs, +1  in working together.  I'll draft an email and send it to the board for review
18:57:17 <izabelvalverde> but more users and someone doing what we can't
18:57:18 <nmarques> yaloki: we shouldn't advertise for them
18:57:24 <nmarques> they should be advisertising for us ;)
18:57:33 <yaloki> nmarques: we advertise anyway
18:57:34 <suseROCKs> ok let's let AlanClark and mrdocs  proceed to reach out to them to work out more detailed data and then we can make a more informed choice
18:57:41 <mrdocs> #action AlanClark and mrdocs reply to their request of OSP , but to decline the "exclusive" part
18:57:46 <suseROCKs> but I'm not voting for any exclusivity at this time
18:58:00 <mrdocs> suseROCKs: no it definitely needs more definition
18:58:02 <drago> more interesting is if they will provide install support for example
18:58:04 <nmarques> I only suggest one thing
18:58:05 <yaloki> the exclusivity bit is really the tricky part, everything else, well, why would we be opposed to it
18:58:05 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: I'm against exclusivity - and if we do it, limit it in time and region!
18:58:15 <nmarques> dont hand over exclusivity for periods longer than a year or a cycle
18:58:21 <nmarques> so if something goes really out of hand
18:58:33 <nmarques> we have a natural contractual bail out ;)
18:58:33 <yaloki> AJaeger: *definitely* time-limited and requiring re-negotiation for example
18:58:39 <yaloki> we know what happened in the past
18:58:46 <AJaeger> But you can say: We will inform you before we give somebody else the same rights.
18:58:46 <yaloki> nmarques: agreed
18:58:47 <nmarques> AJaeger: +1
18:58:48 <mrdocs> nmarques yaloki even more, specific targets
18:58:51 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,    limited may be thecompormise option
18:59:00 <mrdocs> next
18:59:09 <mrdocs> HaiSoft
18:59:21 * mrdocs does not recall seeing that one
18:59:34 <prusnak> bootable usb key thingie
18:59:54 <drago> heh - seems we're hyping :-)
19:00:00 <suseROCKs> distributing bootable openSUSE USB keys?
19:00:00 <AJaeger> And this is not a box - but openSUSE sold in a shop and thus competition to what OSB offers.
19:00:18 * yaloki thinks "OHaiSoft" would be funnier
19:00:20 <AlanClark> This one just came in from @permission, not all may have seen it yet
19:00:35 <mrdocs> AlanClark: no i just searched, can you forward ?
19:00:36 * suseROCKs goes to look for it
19:00:59 <prusnak> 19:38 CEST
19:01:07 <prusnak> subj: openSUSE logo for bootable USB Key
19:01:09 <mrdocs> today ?
19:01:17 <prusnak> yes
19:01:17 <AJaeger> mrdocs: today, 90 minutes ago
19:01:20 <mrdocs> got it
19:01:21 <AlanClark> yes it just came in today.
19:01:21 <yaloki> AJaeger: so it goes back to OSB again, and limiting what that exclusivity means, but that's something that needs to be taken care of anyway, to avoid making it impossible for communities to distribute DVDs and such
19:01:22 <suseROCKs> "I am contacting you because I would like to print the openSUSE logo on a
19:01:22 <suseROCKs> USB Key. This key will be sold with the latest Live version of openSUSE at
19:01:22 <suseROCKs> a reasonable price, across Europe.
19:01:22 <suseROCKs> "
19:01:26 <mrdocs> buried :S
19:02:22 <suseROCKs> that one I can easily _+1 on.  Doesn't request any burdens upon us and accepts his own role and burdens for the distribution of the keys
19:02:46 <AJaeger> nmarques: I would have expected you to speak up and ask to get something back for the project ;)
19:03:07 <AlanClark> I'm +1 on this one
19:03:13 <prusnak> +1 here as well
19:03:23 <AJaeger> Haisoft wants to make money with it  - anything we won't to have go back t othe project?
19:03:29 <suseROCKs> and we do get these types of requests from time to time, which is why agreeing to an exclusivity contract is not exactly a good thing
19:03:58 <cboltz> AJaeger: maybe some usb keys for free? ;-)
19:04:11 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   well here's what we came up with a few months ago.  Since we haven't really gotten a foundation in place, we decided that any requests that have money-making potential will be granted a one-year limited permissions
19:04:12 <AJaeger> I have an additional question on these topics: Currently we have links to open-SLX for the openSUSE 11.4 box. Would we link to Haisoft?
19:04:20 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Ah, ok.
19:04:24 <yaloki> suseROCKs: otoh it could be a bit weird to have *two* resellers propose openSUSE 12.1 boxes on the shelf :)
19:04:25 <suseROCKs> that way we can revisit the issue in the future in accordance with the business plans of openSUSE Project
19:04:47 <suseROCKs> yaloki,   I don't think its that weird
19:04:55 <AJaeger> yaloki: Yeah, one DVD, one USB key.
19:05:08 <yaloki> AJaeger: that's alright I think, but having 2 boxed sets.. heh
19:05:14 <yaloki> well yeah, maybe it isn't weird
19:05:19 <izabelvalverde> USB cheaper to ship!
19:05:20 <prusnak> the more the merrier :)
19:05:31 <mrdocs> well haisoft is only proposing live images, not installers
19:05:33 <yaloki> true, true :)
19:05:36 <mrdocs> so
19:05:40 <suseROCKs> yaloki,   a store owner/store product buyer isn't likely to buy the same product to stock their shelves from two different vendors
19:05:58 <suseROCKs> +1 Prusnak
19:05:59 <mrdocs> +1 for me as well, if limited to one year as we have done with prior requests
19:06:14 <mrdocs> ok who replies ?
19:06:24 <suseROCKs> I can do it
19:06:33 <prusnak> jfyi there is one no vote from someone from the legal dept
19:06:35 <AJaeger> I suggest another topic: How do we promote these boxes/products from our pages? How prominently do we want this - and this includes also derivates like the open-SLX
19:06:36 <AlanClark> suseROCKS - I'll do it
19:06:38 <prusnak> how do we deal with this?
19:06:51 <prusnak> are we overriding this?
19:06:51 <suseROCKs> ok AlanClark
19:06:52 <AlanClark> suseROCKS - I need to include novell legal on
19:07:10 <yaloki> prusnak: there are only two options: promote all or promote neither
19:07:27 <suseROCKs> prusnak,   let AlanClark slap around the legal department until they fear him and give him anything he wants under the sun  :-)
19:07:36 <nmarques> AJaeger: sry I missed something... get back what ?
19:07:46 <AJaeger> AlanClark: It's Scott Corfield - isn't he marketing?
19:07:46 <mrdocs> #action AlanClark to contact legal and follow-up with HaiSoft, board votes OK with permission
19:07:49 <nmarques> AJaeger: was answering mails :/
19:08:02 <AlanClark> Scott is marketing not legal
19:08:04 <AJaeger> nmarques: No problem - read the above discussion on haisoft.
19:08:06 <nmarques> AJaeger: about the USB sticks ?
19:08:13 <nmarques> AJaeger: yeah, I would ask something
19:08:24 <nmarques> AJaeger: a % of sticks for our own marketing and events
19:08:27 <mrdocs> AJaeger: yes good point about our promotion activites
19:08:35 <nmarques> AJaeger: so we can distribute a few to our users/enthusiasts
19:09:00 <mrdocs> AlanClark: ^^ can you add this to your reply ?
19:09:04 <nmarques> AJaeger: I can contact a few companies in Shen Zen or whatever it's called to check for the normal prices of USB sticks (manufacturing costs)
19:09:29 <nmarques> AJaeger: I do have a few contacts, but I would say that the production cost of a 2/4GB stick is bellow 1â‚¬
19:09:43 <nmarques> AJaeger: so asking them a few hundreds would be sane enough :)
19:09:50 <AlanClark> mrdocs: I'll add the request to the email
19:09:58 <mrdocs> nmarques: plus in some countries there is a media tax + duties
19:10:06 <mrdocs> AlanClark: thanks :)
19:10:09 <nmarques> mrdocs: export laws
19:10:13 <mrdocs> anything else on this ?
19:10:25 <suseROCKs> I think we can move on
19:10:35 <nmarques> mrdocs: either way production costs are low
19:10:40 <mrdocs> #topic where can we improve ?
19:10:48 <mrdocs> #info http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:What_to_improve_osc11_session
19:10:58 <nmarques> mrdocs: asking like 500 sticks for our own marketing peeps wouldn't sound unresonable to me
19:11:16 <nmarques> mrdocs: plus the promotion we can give and visibility
19:11:17 <mrdocs> nmarques: i agree if they are making 10k
19:11:33 <nmarques> mrdocs: that's my suggestion :)
19:11:40 <nmarques> mrdocs: but it's really up to you guys :)
19:11:50 <nmarques> mrdocs: and yeah, I'm the mercenary kind :)
19:11:58 <mrdocs> nmarques: let's see what AlanClark comes up with
19:12:03 <prusnak> nmarques: good suggestion
19:12:28 <nmarques> prusnak: yeah, give the tools to our most efforted ambassadors
19:12:36 <mrdocs> nmarques: exactly
19:12:38 <nmarques> prusnak: they will make good usage of them :)
19:12:41 <suseROCKs> I need to step away for a couple minutes
19:12:49 <mrdocs> ok me too
19:13:00 <suseROCKs> does that mean we have intermission?  :-)
19:13:22 <mrdocs> #topci 5 min intermission
19:13:25 <mrdocs> gr
19:13:31 <suseROCKs> a first!   W00T!
19:13:33 <mrdocs> #topic 5 min intermission
19:13:42 <yaloki> lol
19:13:54 <mrdocs> back @21:18 CET
19:14:02 <prusnak> pee pause break
19:14:14 <andy__> that was intense!
19:15:19 * yaloki watches the queue to the bathrooms
19:15:50 <drago> hmmrmrmm
19:15:52 <yaloki> don't forget washing your hands!
19:15:55 <yaloki> :)
19:17:52 * suseROCKs is back with dripping hands
19:18:12 * mrdocs hopes people also return with favortie $beverage
19:18:24 <mrdocs> we're back
19:18:29 * yaloki DCCs a round
19:18:33 <mrdocs> #topic where can we improve ?
19:18:39 <mrdocs> #info http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:What_to_improve_osc11_session
19:18:47 <mrdocs> Who wants to start ?
19:18:58 <suseROCKs> ok so I was at that BoF led by robjo
19:19:12 <AlanClark> I suggest we table this till next meeting robjo isn't able to attend today
19:19:18 <mrdocs> yeah
19:19:27 <suseROCKs> and though he's not here, I'd like to commend RobJo for fulfilling our request to do the BoF
19:19:27 <AlanClark> unless suseROCKS wants to report
19:19:30 <mrdocs> but it is s meaty subject
19:19:45 <suseROCKs> I'd like to let robjo handle it.  He deserves it
19:20:01 <mrdocs> yeah that wiki page is well done
19:20:09 <yaloki> +1
19:20:14 <suseROCKs> +1
19:20:29 <AJaeger> robjo is not here today
19:20:48 <AJaeger> He suggested before the meeting to postpone until next meeting
19:21:04 <mrdocs> #action postpone discussion until robjo can attend
19:21:23 <mrdocs> #topic Q&A
19:21:55 <mrdocs> Jedibeeftrix asks: Any update on Jos's request for assistance with Bretzn and how this will affect opensuse 12.1?
19:22:12 <mrdocs> gah
19:22:13 <suseROCKs> HAH  nice jos!
19:22:28 <prusnak> i can answer
19:22:32 <mrdocs> good
19:22:56 <prusnak> next week we have a hackweek in SUSE offices and AFAIK Frank is coming to NUE office to work on integrating Bretzn into 12.1
19:22:57 <suseROCKs> make an action item for Jos to send prusnak a bag of waffles for stepping in for him  :-)
19:23:13 * mrdocs grins
19:23:19 <drago> prusnak is right, Frank will be here
19:23:30 <suseROCKs> ahh that leads to another question
19:23:33 <mrdocs> prusnak: good news.. anything else we need to know or do ?
19:23:37 <prusnak> otherwise i don't know about anyone from the community who'd stepped up for this
19:23:46 <drago> still that does not mean that he/we can do it alone
19:24:11 <mrdocs> drago: what help is needed ?
19:24:16 <prusnak> exactly, so if there are any volunteers, you know whom to contact
19:24:24 <drago> mrdocs: coding currently I guess
19:24:31 <suseROCKs> y'know  this is actually an old question that was addressed in previous meeting at some point, just never removed from the wiki.
19:24:34 <yaloki> .oO(usually happens that way, with stuff developed behind the scenes...)
19:24:49 <suseROCKs> And we don't really have a way of directly answering that question except for expecting people to read our logs
19:25:13 <suseROCKs> let's add this answer to the wiki page after the question
19:25:33 <drago> yaloki: you mean bretzn?
19:25:35 <mrdocs> well in this case it seems Jos needs to bang the drum for community participation
19:25:56 <suseROCKs> well that kind of leads to my next question, mrdocs, which I'm going to address to drago
19:25:59 <yaloki> drago: amongst a few other cases, yes :)
19:26:45 <suseROCKs> drago,   The hackweek itself isn't widely publicized.   I planned to write an article but some are telling me this is only for internal SUSE folks and not a broad hackweek for everyone.  Can you explain the participatory goals of hackweek?
19:26:51 <drago> yaloki: there has been a very public sprint at the beginning of the year, you remember?
19:27:14 <yaloki> drago: nope, so that might be just me
19:27:28 <suseROCKs> actually I thought it was end of last y ear?
19:27:34 <drago> yaloki: it could always be opener of course
19:27:40 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Hackweek is indeed a SUSE internal event - and this year we're a bit late with organizing it.
19:27:53 <drago> hackweek: Well, yes, the communication sucks
19:28:13 <drago> but AFAIK its of course not "only for SUSE folks"
19:28:13 <yaloki> drago: what I find puzzling is that, typically, the *concept* isn't discussed a lot :\
19:28:22 <suseROCKs> well its never too late to communicate, but as one person said to me earlier today, no real need to publicize because externally people can hack anytime they want.  I'm not sure I agree with that perception
19:28:23 <AJaeger> It's internal but some participants invite others to work with them.
19:28:27 <yaloki> well, effectively, it kind of is
19:28:27 <drago> who tells that?
19:28:47 <yaloki> AJaeger: true
19:29:14 <suseROCKs> so should we or should we not publicize it?
19:29:22 <drago> Why should it be internal? I mean, every Geeko can say "I do a hackweek" and hack with us
19:29:34 <drago> of course, please publicize
19:29:35 <suseROCKs> drago,   That's my feeling as well.
19:29:47 <yaloki> drago: but why would that be hackweek, everyone else is doing it during their spare time, just as usual
19:29:51 <AJaeger> drago: Indeed - but you don't want to have to mentor everybody on how to e.g. work the build service.
19:29:57 <izabelvalverde> we have many things to publicize not sure if SUSE should be the main need right now
19:30:27 <suseROCKs> but we've publicizzed hackweeks in the past
19:30:33 <prusnak> hackweek since its 3rd edition is not what it used to be (1st and 2nd one)
19:30:35 <drago> guys, if somebody does NOT want to mentor - granted. He/she can simply say that.
19:30:51 <mrdocs> izabelvalverde: good point and moreover, many of the devs blog about their stuff, during and after it
19:31:01 <mrdocs> prusnak: what's different ?
19:31:02 <drago> But I do not see a reason why we shouldnt beat the drum just because of that
19:31:35 <suseROCKs> mrdocs,  but simultaneously, having an actual hackweek may inspire someone who does have skills do do their own hacking but has been procrastinating up to now.   That's where publicizing does a good thing
19:31:37 <prusnak> mrdocs: well, if it were not for this meeting you would not learn about it
19:31:39 <drago> we need good marketing and hackweek is a good thing
19:31:44 <drago> so lets talk about that
19:31:50 <prusnak> while back then nat was writing about it literally everywhere
19:31:54 <suseROCKs> plus since hackweek is about anything under the FOSS sun, it enhances our image that openSUSE is more than just a distro.  Its a project that fosters all of FOSS
19:32:10 <prusnak> but we faild to find a replacement for him once he started to work on studio
19:32:10 <AJaeger> I think we should write something - with two intends: One the one hand to invite to hack together, on the other to tell that many people are hacking on projects out of their comfort space. So, they might hang around in other channels with other problems than usual.
19:32:37 <yaloki> "invite to hack together" â€¦
19:32:50 <suseROCKs> or invite to just hack, period?
19:33:02 <yaloki> well
19:33:10 <yaloki> there is definitely a need for information about it
19:33:13 <izabelvalverde> "invite to hack together"
19:33:17 <prusnak> but fwiw i think having an internal hackweek is fine
19:33:26 <yaloki> because, inevitably, some people will hackweek on things other people have already been doing in the community
19:33:28 <prusnak> we just have to decide if it is a public event or now
19:33:31 <yaloki> and which they don't know about
19:33:35 <yaloki> so hackweek can do harm as well
19:33:43 <prusnak> because if it is we should sponsor some people to come to the offices
19:33:49 <AJaeger> prusnak: It will be a public event - because people speak about it like we do here ;)
19:33:54 <drago> yaloki: please...
19:34:08 <suseROCKs> prusnak,   I don't think we have to get to the point of sponsoring travel, especially since it starts this Monday
19:34:20 <drago> prusnak: of course it is public
19:34:29 <yaloki> drago: "please" what? just saying, needs to be some interaction
19:34:50 <prusnak> drago: really? i learned about it 2 days ago
19:34:53 <yaloki> drago: the potential is there, so, information is needed
19:34:55 <drago> yaloki: interaction is *always* needed, right?
19:34:58 <manugupt1> yaloki: How does that harm the project off topic though
19:35:26 <drago> doing FOSS can never harm, right?
19:35:27 <yaloki> manugupt1: because other people have been doing something during their spare time and then, suddenly, bang, someone else is doing the same without re-using what has been done
19:35:34 <drago> evne if efforts are doubled
19:35:40 <yaloki> oh hell no
19:35:42 <drago> thats one of the mechanisms of FOSS
19:35:51 <yaloki> not if you want to be a community
19:36:05 <drago> I am not saying we should strive for
19:36:06 <drago> surely
19:36:07 <manugupt1> yaloki: Unless entangled in ego issues.. it should not harm imo yes duplication sucks
19:36:20 <manugupt1> But sometime stuff happens
19:36:28 <yaloki> it's a little more complex than that though
19:36:36 <drago> yaloki: where do you see a problem?
19:36:41 <suseROCKs> yaloki, does have a point, and he is speaking from personal experience on this matter as he got "banged"
19:36:41 <drago> yaloki: speak out bluntly
19:37:03 <yaloki> suseROCKs: but it's not even that what I have in mind
19:37:10 <yaloki> well
19:37:12 <yaloki> pretty simple
19:37:22 <yaloki> hackweek, high visiblity, lots of blogging
19:37:30 <yaloki> people with connections, more visiblity and presence in the project
19:37:35 <suseROCKs> but the thing is here, is what yaloki seems to be saying (from my interpretation) is that there needs to be a more orderly fashion of some sort  and I don't know if that can be done in such a short time period before Monday
19:37:38 <yaloki> they do something other people have been doing already
19:37:56 <yaloki> those other people not necessarily having the presence and visibility in the project
19:38:06 <yaloki> just imagine how you'd feel
19:38:14 <yaloki> so, I'm just saying, that _could_ happen
19:38:16 <suseROCKs> yaloki,  yup  I totally can relate to that feeling
19:38:21 <suseROCKs> but how do you avoid that?
19:38:26 <yaloki> and hence we _need_ to spread some information about hackweek to the community
19:38:38 * drago experienced that recently with his Owncloud sync client
19:38:56 <yaloki> so that, even if those doing hackweek don't care, those who could get their stuff overwritten and stampeded have a chance of keeping an eye and say "hey! hey! wait!"
19:38:57 <suseROCKs> its a depressing feeling,  for sure
19:39:11 <yaloki> that's all I'm saying
19:39:20 <mrdocs> yaloki: good points
19:39:22 <mrdocs> so
19:39:27 <yaloki> I'm obviously having a few specific cases in mind, but that's not the issue, and nothing I'd discuss here anyway ^^
19:39:27 <suseROCKs> yaloki,   I get it   now  answer is... how do we address it?
19:39:34 <mrdocs> where do we go from here ?
19:39:39 <drago> we could avoid that using openFATE for example more consequentely
19:39:46 <yaloki> drago: good point
19:40:01 <yaloki> and maybe just send a line or two about that potential situation to those who will participate in hackweek
19:40:02 <manugupt1> But would it be one entry or a lot of different open fate entries
19:40:03 <drago> and if people do not speak about there projects, they're pimped. True
19:40:29 <mrdocs> drago: seems to me that needs to be addressed inside - that is getting devs to pay attention to openfate
19:40:38 <andy__> surely publicity will make people want to share their ideas for hackweek
19:40:42 <suseROCKs> "pimped"  Now that's a cool word coming out of Drago!  :-)
19:40:46 <yaloki> duplication and forking is not an issue, it's a lot more about the psychological impact and not having the same "weapons" in terms of time, contact to key people on the project, and visibility
19:40:58 <drago> suseROCKs: from the Bugzilla sources !
19:41:07 <drago> suseROCKs: really.
19:41:14 <mrdocs> hehe
19:41:19 <prusnak> drago: maybe everyone who writes a blogpost about his hackweek project can get one Old Toad :)
19:41:26 <yaloki> eheh
19:41:31 <prusnak> we have to motivate SUSE folks I guess
19:41:49 <suseROCKs> So do we have a solution here?
19:41:50 <mrdocs> and to get more people looking at openfate for ideas
19:41:56 <yaloki> mrdocs: +1
19:42:16 * drago likes to avoid using alcohol as motivation ;-)
19:42:17 <prusnak> because i am sure that out of 200 people having hackweek next week we won't hear a word from 168 of them
19:42:39 <drago> prusnak: true unfortunately
19:42:44 <suseROCKs> agreed
19:42:46 <prusnak> s/Old Toad/big lollypop/
19:42:49 <mrdocs> prusnak: too bad.. then it begs the question about changing that
19:43:16 <suseROCKs> ok guys... time out for a second  so I can say something...
19:43:19 <drago> mrdocs: the only solution is to make a sooo coool openSUSE project so that everybody cares about
19:43:21 <mrdocs> what can the community do to get this in the open and more interactive with the outside wolrd ?
19:43:38 <suseROCKs> I see 2 things... 1) We are trying to hash out the ideal solution here  and 2) We need to publicize this very soon
19:43:39 <mrdocs> suseROCKs: go
19:44:01 <suseROCKs> its late at night for many of you, and the complexiity of this discussion tells me that I'm not going to be the ideal person to write up the first draft of the article
19:44:13 <mrdocs> 1. we cannot fix now 2. needs action
19:44:16 <drago> prusnak: try to find out who is in charge of this HW
19:44:25 <AJaeger> drago: Your boss;)
19:44:28 <drago> prusnak: and tell him about the issue
19:44:30 <suseROCKs> I'll be glad to work on the second draft and polish it up for the morning.  But wwho can volunteer to write 1st draft tonight?
19:44:33 <drago> AJaeger: I doubt
19:44:53 <AJaeger> drago: That's what I heard yesterday on the hallways - and it seemed a recent appointment
19:45:13 <prusnak> that's the problem, i guess, no one knows who's in charge
19:45:22 <drago> ok, lost...
19:45:33 <prusnak> before it was clear that it is nat or jw
19:46:12 <suseROCKs> I fear you guys might have rushed into this hackweek but I think we're past the point of resolving that and we should just bite it and figure out the best way to go from here for an awesome start on Monday
19:46:50 <AJaeger> prusnak: jw is involved - ask him and roland.
19:47:00 <izabelvalverde> well I hope your hackweek will better that the one last week!
19:47:00 <drago> prusnak: yes, please contact jw
19:47:01 <AJaeger> Can we move on to my question?
19:47:09 <AJaeger> I suggested a few minutes ago to discuss: How do we promote these boxes/products from our pages? How prominently do we want this - and this includes also derivates like the open-SLX
19:47:09 <drago> prusnak: he will understand the issue
19:47:26 <mrdocs> AJaeger: yup you are next :)
19:47:28 <mrdocs> so
19:47:33 <AJaeger> mrdocs: Thanks
19:47:33 <mrdocs> action item ?
19:47:41 <mrdocs> AJaeger: i did not forget :)
19:47:44 <suseROCKs> who wants to write up the first draft ASAP?
19:47:54 <mrdocs> suseROCKs: i can if given some details
19:48:19 <mrdocs> #action mrdocs to try and start a first draft tonight
19:48:27 <suseROCKs> well I'm kinda hoping to shorten the gap here by having the person with the most details do the brain dump into the first draft
19:48:39 <mrdocs> suseROCKs: yes.. i see
19:48:50 <suseROCKs> mrdocs,   it needs to be published like tomorrow morning to make this owrthwhile
19:48:55 <suseROCKs> *worthwhile
19:48:58 <mrdocs> by Friday
19:49:10 <suseROCKs> Friday's always a bad day for publication.  low readership
19:49:19 * mrdocs nods
19:49:21 <mrdocs> but
19:49:25 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: jw, prusnak, myself can review it tomorrow and publish in the afternoon
19:49:37 <mrdocs> good
19:49:41 <suseROCKs> works for me!  :-)
19:49:43 <mrdocs> i need to step away
19:49:51 <mrdocs> bbi 2
19:50:11 <mrdocs> suseROCKs: so please add the action item, then its AJ's turn
19:50:13 <suseROCKs> hmm I think we're actually kind of done with the meeting now, aren't we?
19:50:21 <suseROCKs> oh yeah AJ ....
19:50:30 <andy__> Likely done
19:50:50 <suseROCKs> #action  mrdocs to write first draft of hackweek announcement, aj, prusnak and jw will review and publish it by end of day Thursday
19:50:57 <suseROCKs> ok  AJaeger   you have the floor
19:50:59 <AJaeger> I suggested a few minutes ago to discuss: How do we promote these boxes/products from our pages? How prominently do we want this - and this includes also derivates like the open-SLX
19:51:04 <AJaeger> http://software.opensuse.org/114/en right now contains a link "Buy openSUSE" which links to http://en.opensuse.org/Buy_openSUSE.
19:51:19 <AJaeger> So, how do we want to do this? What are the guidelines to add external links here?
19:51:42 <AJaeger> opensourcepress asked to be included - and open-SLX as derivative are interested as well.
19:51:54 <AJaeger> The Haisoft USB stick is another think to add somehow.
19:51:56 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   my initial thought is to just have a page with the logos of various distributors and people can click to the one they like.  But I wonder if distibutors are going to appreciate being all on the same page
19:52:12 <drago> hehe - hard thing
19:52:15 <suseROCKs> but yes we should definitely promote those who distribute us
19:52:34 <nmarques> guys sry for trolling but in the end if possible I have a request to the board
19:52:38 <drago> other projects do not do that btw
19:52:44 <nmarques> just let me know if there's time
19:52:53 <suseROCKs> drago,   Just means we're better than the rest  :-)
19:52:56 <AJaeger> drago: Other projects don't have a box ;)
19:52:58 <yaloki> nmarques: mail is prolly better, as not every board member is here right now
19:53:03 <suseROCKs> after all, other projects don't even have their own beer!
19:53:04 <drago> KDE does not promote openSUSE :-)
19:53:22 <drago> I know that does not really match
19:53:30 <drago> but still, we don't _have_ to do it
19:53:56 <AJaeger> drago: Right, we don't have to. But we did in the past.
19:53:57 <suseROCKs> drago,   but here's the thing.   We are not a large community like others.  So engaging in a partnership of marketing  helps to further our reach where other projects have larger teams to do the work
19:54:20 <AJaeger> But exactly since we don't have to, we should be clear on what we want to promote and what *not*
19:54:28 <drago> AJaeger: right
19:54:34 <mrdocs> AJaeger: exactly
19:54:49 <mrdocs> and that has never been clearly discussed, let alone defined
19:55:00 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   I think any product that is portraying openSUSE under the goodwill clause should simply get a listing on a page.   One page listing all of these
19:55:08 <drago> the easiest and most equal solution is to not do it at all
19:55:20 <AlanClark> I think it should be limited to those which " redistribute without modifications" according to the trademark guidelines
19:55:24 <drago> suseROCKs: good compromise
19:55:36 <mrdocs> AlanClark: +1
19:55:53 <AJaeger> AlanClark: So, no derivatives like open-SLX?
19:55:54 <mrdocs> as we then know what is in the tin
19:56:07 <drago> the problem is that we basically promote everything
19:56:16 <drago> ie. openSUSE Edu, Medical etc.
19:56:30 <suseROCKs> we're not really promoting Balsam
19:56:40 <drago> so why do we discuss the "real" openSUSE clones?
19:56:41 <AJaeger> openSUSE Edu and Medical are part of openSUSE - aren't they?
19:56:45 <drago> its really difficult
19:56:58 <AlanClark> AJaeger; still pondering that one.  I like the idea of basing the decisionon the trademark guidelines, so that we have a known basis of judgement
19:57:04 <suseROCKs> drago,   those are community-grown projects.  I'd be likely to promote them  but in a different way,  not in a products page
19:57:11 <mrdocs> drago: let's be clear, community driven is different
19:57:22 <mrdocs> we
19:57:50 <drago> ok, so lets promote Balsam - they consider themselves community as well I am sure
19:57:52 <mrdocs> let's limit this to commercially driven derivatives
19:57:56 <AJaeger> drago: Yes, it's not easy - and I don't expect an answer tonight. We can table that for the next meeting and thus give everybody of us the chance to come up with a great idea - or realize it's too complex.
19:58:16 <drago> AJaeger: its complex, but we need a solution
19:58:25 <yaloki> .oO(and there's a difference between considering yourself and actually being...)
19:58:28 <drago> and I agree on postponing
19:58:28 <AlanClark> +1 AJaeger.  let's put this on the agenda for next time
19:58:34 <suseROCKs> I'll go with AJaeger's suggestion and table it for now....
19:58:37 <drago> yaloki: sure, but who decides?
19:58:44 <mrdocs> AJaeger: no its not impossible, just needs some thought and reasonably good guidlines
19:58:44 <yaloki> drago: I know, I know
19:58:50 <drago> yaloki: you see my point?
19:58:51 <yaloki> it is complicated, indeed
19:58:57 <yaloki> drago: yes, absolutely
19:59:16 * drago actually saw that coming....
19:59:17 <yaloki> drago: not the first time we discuss/brainstorm about it, really not easy
19:59:31 <drago> yaloki: right
19:59:47 <suseROCKs> I suggest we make a list of all the possible products  (community derivatives, etc.) and then we can have a broader overview of where the examples lie
20:00:12 <mrdocs> suseROCKs: yes, we also need to think about stuff from susetudio
20:00:29 <mrdocs> so
20:00:30 <AlanClark> mrdocs; ugh
20:00:32 <drago> suseROCKs: well, all possible products? You thought of openSUSE beer two years ago?
20:00:47 <mrdocs> AlanClark: yes :S
20:00:49 <drago> suseROCKs: No chance to foresee all products
20:00:55 <suseROCKs> drago,   no that's not what I mean.
20:01:14 <drago> suseROCKs: ah, sorry
20:01:23 <suseROCKs> drago,  what I mean is we're all throwing in little examples here and htere,  but if we can itemize the existing examples, we can then easily divide them into categories and then be able to make a more prudent determination
20:01:38 <mrdocs> suseROCKs: exactly
20:01:49 <suseROCKs> its a helluva lot easier to look at a list of examples than a "oh by the way this one too"  :-)
20:01:58 <drago> suseROCKs: good, but than we discuss all over again and again
20:02:10 <mrdocs> so where do we go from here ?
20:02:12 <AlanClark> actually guys, there is one easy answer, that many won't like, but it is an answer. Only post those that sponsor the project.
20:02:16 <drago> but we probably can not avoid that anyway
20:02:37 <mrdocs> AlanClark: yes, definitely a possibilty
20:02:40 <suseROCKs> AlanClark,  and that opens up the age old question that's been brought up before... "What is our definition of Sponsor"?  :-)
20:02:42 <drago> AlanClark: thats good
20:03:02 * drago drops off now
20:03:04 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: We do have "official" sponsors
20:03:06 <drago> good night everybody
20:03:09 <AJaeger> drago: Good night!
20:03:15 <mrdocs> drago: thanks for joining :)
20:03:16 <andy__> drago: night
20:03:19 <izabelvalverde> drago night ;-)
20:04:07 <mrdocs> suseROCKs: sponsors = money, services in kind, goods in kind
20:04:28 <mrdocs> which can include beer, guns and lawyers :)
20:04:28 <suseROCKs> mrdocs,  AJaeger   but this question has been raised a number of times in board meetings over the past year and no one has ever come up with an answer
20:05:03 <mrdocs> suseROCKs: well apart from my list above what would you add to that ?
20:05:07 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Sorry, I don't remember these - might have skipped all of those ;-(
20:05:37 <AlanClark> I don't remember that being an issue either
20:05:51 <warlordfff> hey
20:05:56 <warlordfff> good afternoon
20:06:02 <suseROCKs> it was raised during our discussions with open-slx  and they kept banding around that they were the major sponsor of openSUSE
20:06:11 <suseROCKs> and I kept asking... what's their definition and our definition of sponsorship
20:06:12 <yaloki> HAHAHAHAHHahhahHAHAHAHHA
20:06:15 <yaloki> oops, sorry :)
20:06:23 <suseROCKs> what's our expectations vs. the sponsor's expectations, etc.
20:06:30 <suseROCKs> yaloki,   exactly!  :-)
20:06:36 <AlanClark> ah stepped into that one
20:07:27 <warlordfff> I want to join the election comitie
20:07:33 <yaloki> kudos to warlordfff !
20:07:37 <warlordfff> do I still have time?
20:07:41 <AJaeger> warlordfff: Great!
20:07:53 <warlordfff> I forgot to write that down yesterday
20:08:32 <mrdocs> gah sorry irc died on my
20:08:53 <yaloki> but as AJaeger said, we should still have a public call
20:09:01 <yaloki> to give everybody a chance to be part of that committee
20:09:06 <yaloki> and not just those who were on IRC today
20:09:15 <warlordfff> ok
20:09:18 <mrdocs> can someone pastebin the recent chat ?
20:09:25 <suseROCKs> and we will send out that email announcement shortly
20:09:26 <warlordfff> one question about something else
20:09:34 <AlanClark> I think we've spent enough time on the this topic today, I'd recommend that we put it on the agenda for next meeting, so that we can think through some proposals
20:09:35 <nmarques> mrdocs: sign me up for the guns... if anyone is handing over G36C's, I could use one :)
20:09:39 <warlordfff> if I have the time?
20:09:40 <nmarques> mrdocs: and save 4000â‚¬'s :)
20:09:58 <AJaeger> AlanClark: +1
20:10:01 <mrdocs> nmarques: i was thinking of the warren zevon song :)
20:10:20 <nmarques> guys
20:10:25 <nmarques> mind if I say something :)
20:10:37 <mrdocs> nmarques: sure
20:10:38 <nmarques> you guys need a plan for some sort of 'franchising' the brand
20:10:46 <nmarques> something very well thought of
20:10:56 <nmarques> that would solve the problems with sponsorships and friends
20:11:00 <nmarques> ;)
20:11:11 <nmarques> it shouldn't be a 'per case' thingie
20:11:17 <mrdocs> nmarques: i know exactly of what you are speaking
20:11:29 <AJaeger> nmarques: There are guidelines on what bronce, silver and gold sponsorship means.
20:11:30 <mrdocs> nmarques: is that something you could take on ?
20:11:59 <nmarques> mrdocs: that is something I can help with ;) (help i nthe role of follower, not as in the role of leader)
20:12:19 <nmarques> mrdocs: I have theoretical expertise to do it, but no real life experience on doing it
20:12:24 <nmarques> mrdocs: but it's a start :)
20:12:48 <AJaeger> http://en.opensuse.org/images/2/2f/Sponsoring-concept-opensuse.pdf should be the sponsor brochure
20:13:00 <mrdocs> AJaeger: thanks
20:13:48 <AJaeger> mmh, that one misses bronze sponsorship
20:14:18 <yaloki> can we end the meeting?
20:14:24 <mrdocs> AJaeger: that needs to be pretty and attractive
20:14:26 <mrdocs> yes
20:15:04 <mrdocs> #action postpone discussion for sponsor levels for next meeting
20:15:08 <suseROCKs> +1 to meeting end
20:15:15 <mrdocs> anyone else have anything ?
20:15:24 <mrdocs> 1,2,3...
20:15:27 * yaloki haz stomach bug, wanna share
20:15:29 <yaloki> ;)
20:15:29 <suseROCKs> 3,2, 1
20:15:31 <mrdocs> #endmeeting