=============================================================================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting (http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting)
=============================================================================================


Meeting started by henne at 19:00:48 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2011/opensuse-project.2011-03-23-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Old Action Items  (henne, 19:05:23)
  * LINK: http://www.etoyworld.com/images/catalog/thumb/back.gif
    (Dominian, 19:54:42)
  * not much progress. but no wonder with the very busy weeks we just
    had. We only extended the ETA on a couple of AI's and re-assigned
    some  (henne, 19:56:21)

* Status Reports (15 minutes)  (henne, 20:00:03)
  * no questions where asked about the status report. suseROCKs gave a
    us a live report about the marketing 11.4 post mortem and prusnak
    about the status of Google Summer of Code 2011  (henne, 20:16:54)

* openSUSE conference(10 minutes)  (henne, 20:17:13)

* permission@ requests (10 minutes)  (henne, 20:30:48)
  * LINK: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belarus   (Dominian, 20:38:57)
  * AGREED: opensuse.gr approved  (henne, 20:39:27)
  * AGREED: opensuse.by approved  (henne, 20:39:31)
  * AGREED: to the request from Gerry Gavigan. on the condition that he
    must re-request on an annual basis  (henne, 20:47:34)
  * AGREED: To the request of Gerry Gavigan we agreed that what he is
    asking for, doesn't require permission.  (henne, 20:54:01)
  * AGREED: to the brewer request. we wait for novell legal to answer
    some questions  (henne, 21:06:36)

* Where do we need to improve? (15 minutes)  (henne, 21:09:55)
  * LINK: http://bit.ly/opensuse_improve   (henne, 21:10:33)
  * we didn't find any new suggestions in openFATE and there were also
    no requests in the channel  (henne, 21:21:13)

* Questions & Answers (30 minutes)  (henne, 21:21:14)
  * cboltz question about hotel booking for linuxtag was refered to the
    opensuse-project mailinglist. other questions were not asked
    (henne, 21:29:25)
  * The next project meeting will be in two weeks. Same channel
    (#opensuse-project), same time (19:00 UTC).  (henne, 21:29:34)



Meeting ended at 21:29:46 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* henne (277)
* suseROCKs (170)
* mrdocs (66)
* prusnak (62)
* AJaeger (58)
* AlanClark (55)
* warlordfff (34)
* Dominian (29)
* dragotin (24)
* cartman (21)
* bugbot (10)
* Anditosan (10)
* robjo1 (7)
* jospoortvliet (7)
* javier (7)
* manugupt1 (6)
* yaloki (5)
* d1g1tltom (5)
* cbh2000 (4)
* Siju (3)
* SUSEhelp (2)
* oy (2)
* rtyler (1)
* efagra (1)
* mrdocs2 (1)
* Guest33559 (1)
* bitshuffler__ (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4