18:16:34 <suseROCKs> #startmeeting openSUSE Project + Board Meeting 27-July-2011
18:16:34 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed Jul 27 18:16:34 2011 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
18:16:34 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
18:17:00 <suseROCKs> AlanClark,   note how the topic of the channel changed
18:17:44 <AlanClark> hmm forgot the dashes
18:18:38 <AlanClark> Who's present from the board?
18:18:44 <suseROCKs> #chair AlanClark suseROCKs prusnak mrdocs henne
18:18:44 <bugbot> Current chairs: AlanClark henne mrdocs prusnak suseROCKs
18:18:59 <suseROCKs> Present
18:20:34 <AlanClark> so we have 3 board members? (suseROCKS, AlanClark, prusnak)
18:21:18 <suseROCKs> it would seem so, and the others didn't indicate whether they'd be absent
18:21:30 <warlordfff> other gone for Summer Vacations ;-p
18:21:58 <suseROCKs> Who needs a vacation when we have the love of the openSUSE Project community always nearby?
18:22:00 <AlanClark> We don't have quorum.  Therefore we can't vote today.  We'll have to take trademark usage request off the agenda
18:22:34 <AlanClark> Ok let's look at the agenda
18:22:35 <suseROCKs> +1 though we can discuss if there's something weird in a request  (though I don't recall any new requests coming in)
18:23:24 * AlanClark browser just died
18:24:03 <suseROCKs> Told you to stop using Internet Explorer, AlanClark
18:24:18 <warlordfff> firefox sucks those days
18:24:21 <AlanClark> is that like not inhailing?
18:24:23 <warlordfff> too
18:24:29 <suseROCKs> lol
18:24:45 <AlanClark> on the agenda we have
18:24:49 <AlanClark> 1 - action items
18:24:56 <AlanClark> 2 -status reports
18:25:00 <robjo> Is it Monday morning or Friday afternoon, getting started is dragging like tar.
18:25:10 <robjo> what part of the week did I miss?
18:25:16 <AlanClark> 3 - Board meeting at osc
18:25:35 <AlanClark> we will skip agenda item #4 since we don't have quorum
18:25:51 <AlanClark> 5 - where we can improve
18:25:59 <AlanClark> 6 - Q/A
18:26:12 <AlanClark> would anyone like to add/change the agenda?
18:26:24 * suseROCKs seconds the agenda as proposed
18:26:42 <AlanClark> ok we're off to the races
18:26:45 <AlanClark> #topic Previous Action Items
18:27:48 <AlanClark> There are 3 project action items.  We've discussed the details in past meetings.  Do we have any updates to discuss today?
18:28:15 <suseROCKs> weren't we going to change the assignee for but 691779?
18:28:29 <suseROCKs> bug 691779
18:28:31 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 691779 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Implement "based on openSUSE" branding packages" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/691779
18:28:59 <prusnak> suseROCKs: to what?
18:29:21 <tigerfoot> to whom
18:29:41 <suseROCKs> prusnak,  in last meeting I can't remember who, was going to take it since javier is overwhelmed and unable to take care of things and respond to the topic
18:30:06 <suseROCKs> I think someone (was it henne?) was going to see about re-assigning it to rhlihm
18:30:11 <suseROCKs> rlihm
18:30:42 <suseROCKs> Also bug 682098 should be reassigned to cboltz if I recall correctly
18:30:44 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 682098 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Decide how we go forward with contributor gifts." [Normal,Reopened] https://bugzilla.novell.com/682098
18:30:44 <prusnak> please add comment to bugzilla, change to needinfo status and add henne as info provider
18:30:58 <AlanClark> looking at the log, henne was going to try to find a replacement
18:31:09 <prusnak> suseROCKs: suse-beta is cboltz
18:31:23 <suseROCKs> oh... that's confusing :-)
18:31:24 <prusnak> so that's ok
18:31:35 <suseROCKs> thanks for the clarification, prusnak
18:31:35 <cboltz> suseROCKs: the domain part counts ;-)
18:31:43 <AlanClark> in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Decide how we go forward with contributor gifts." [Normal,Reopened] https://bugzilla.novell.com/682098
18:31:44 <AlanClark> [12:30] <AlanClark> looking at the
18:32:09 <prusnak> okay, so there is no progress on these items i suppose
18:32:17 <AlanClark> ok that was wierd;
18:33:05 <AlanClark> comments on the gifts last time - was to wait for a proposal from cboltz
18:33:57 <cboltz> I will probably come up with more than one option ;-)
18:34:41 <cboltz> but for today I don't have anything new, so feel free to continue with other topics
18:34:57 <AlanClark> cboltz - great!  do you have a target date, when you would like to discuss this?
18:35:16 <suseROCKs> prusnak,   if you don't mind, can you look at the bug and tell me if I did it right with changing stuff around?
18:35:52 <cboltz> see the whiteboard - soft ETA is 2011-08-10 (next meeting), hard eta is (obviously) 11.2 RC1 ;-)
18:36:11 <suseROCKs> what's obvious about 11.2?  :-)
18:36:19 <prusnak> suseROCKs: you did great
18:36:53 <suseROCKs> thanks
18:37:01 <cboltz> well, if we want to give something to the people who contributed to 12.1, then we should decide until the release ;-)
18:37:45 <suseROCKs> ok can we move on?
18:37:50 <AlanClark> thanks cboltz
18:38:07 <AlanClark> let's move to the board AI's
18:38:32 <AlanClark> There are 2.
18:38:55 <AlanClark> The one assigned to me is still on hold
18:39:06 <AlanClark> prusnak - anything to discuss on the one assigned to you?
18:39:16 <prusnak> no
18:39:44 <suseROCKs> prusnak,   how about a bof on bug reporting issues at the conference?  :-)
18:40:16 <prusnak> hm, we might consider that
18:40:22 <prusnak> but i think that's not a big issue
18:40:38 <suseROCKs> I meant that in jest  :-)
18:40:50 <AlanClark> shall we move to the next topic
18:40:55 <prusnak> yes please
18:40:59 * cboltz could probably fill a whole day with funny[tm] stories and discussions with the bugzilla team
18:41:03 <AlanClark> #topic Status Reports
18:41:44 <suseROCKs> Regarding Conference...I'll do sub-topic - Program Committee
18:41:54 <AlanClark> Are there any teams or individuals who would like to provide a status report?
18:42:31 <suseROCKs> #info  openSUSE Conference Program Committee has closed its deadline for CFP submissions, though a few are still trickling in.  We have about 120 proposals already and very awesome.  We have our work cut out for us to complete all by Aug 5th at latest to announce our program
18:42:59 <suseROCKs> Anybody else here want to talk about general Conference planning status?
18:43:36 <suseROCKs> If not, (and I don't have much to say on that line) I'll go on to Marketing Team status
18:44:07 <suseROCKs> going once... going twice....
18:44:09 <AlanClark> We have a great set of CFP submissions.  We are going to have some very good content at the conference
18:44:33 <suseROCKs> AlanClark,  yes indeed.  Our committee definitely has its work cut out for it
18:44:45 <AlanClark> Let's go to Marketing team status
18:45:20 <suseROCKs> okey doke....
18:45:59 <suseROCKs> #info Marketing Team will have a joint hackfest with the Artwork team on September 15-16 in Nuremberg at the SUSE Offices to complete some tasks for openSUSE 12.1 Release
18:46:13 <warlordfff> a dream come true
18:46:21 <warlordfff> sit on AJ's office
18:46:25 <warlordfff> ;-)
18:46:28 <suseROCKs> :-)
18:47:38 <suseROCKs> #info  A formal announcement will be sent to the Marketing and Ambassador teams later today announcing the creation of a new program to sponsor Ambassador Travel costs.  The Ambassador team will self-determine and plan quarterly budgets for travel to important destinations to promote openSUSE throughout the year
18:48:20 <suseROCKs> Each quarterly proposal is, of course, subject to Jos Poortvliet's final approval in each case.
18:48:40 <suseROCKs> That's about it from the Marketing side for now
18:49:17 <suseROCKs> AlanClark,   back to you...
18:49:32 <AlanClark> suseROCKS - as part of the hackfest, will that include, discussing release parties, etc?
18:49:51 <AlanClark> (aka getting people to plan release parties)
18:49:57 <warlordfff> we should start this sooner
18:50:10 <suseROCKs> AlanClark,   That is topic that ambassador team representatives at the hackfest can/should tackle.  Yes
18:50:14 <warlordfff> the planning for the party
18:50:56 <suseROCKs> warlordfff,   just to be clear.  The hackfest is not the start of marketing planning.   We should be doing any and all planning ASAP wherever possible.  :-)
18:51:09 <warlordfff> of course
18:51:17 <suseROCKs> And I'm going to be calling a meeting for next Tuesday to begin promotion planning discussions
18:51:32 <warlordfff> we should start thinking a second ambassador collaboration day too
18:51:40 <suseROCKs> That is, in fact, next on my to-email list  today  :-)
18:52:03 <AlanClark> +1
18:52:18 <suseROCKs> warlordfff,   an online event?  Like back in Dec?   Good idea.   Bring that up at the meeting on Tuesday
18:52:46 <tigerfoot> warlordfff: will do that on G+ :D
18:53:04 <warlordfff> yeap
18:53:06 <suseROCKs> oh no!  More G+ spam from warlordfff?  :-)
18:53:13 <AlanClark> ok, any other team status to report?
18:53:38 <suseROCKs> tigerfoot,   you've been closely involved with factory.  Anything useful to report here?
18:54:59 <AlanClark> it's going so well that tigerfoot is speechless
18:55:32 <suseROCKs> heh
18:55:42 <suseROCKs> prusnak,   how about boosters?
18:56:06 <prusnak> boosters post regular updates on their mailinglist
18:56:24 <prusnak> we were working on OBS download page recently
18:56:51 <prusnak> so upstream projects can include this page in iframe in their upstream project page
18:57:13 <prusnak> see e.g. http://software.opensuse.org/download.html?project=openSUSE:Tools&package=osc
18:57:17 <suseROCKs> oh that is very cool.  Should make it *much* easier for us to promote OBS
18:57:44 <prusnak> next step is to try to persuade some upstream foss projects to actually use obs and this page
18:59:07 <AlanClark> prusnak - do we have any of the persuasive arguments on why/how they would do it written down?
18:59:18 <prusnak> not yet
18:59:35 <prusnak> we'll write a news story once with documentation we declare it as finished
18:59:47 <tigerfoot> kde 4.7 will be there tomorrow
18:59:48 <prusnak> we'll write a news story with documentation once we declare it as finished
18:59:59 <cboltz> another next step: contact the big foss hosting providers (sourceforge etc) - it should be possible to place the link on the download page
19:00:05 <suseROCKs> Marketing team will be *very* interested in collaborating with you on that as the team has highly interested in promoting OBS as part of their efforts
19:00:16 <prusnak> and yes, some boosters are organizing kde 4.7 release party in nbg office right now
19:00:43 <suseROCKs> cb400f,  I believe at one point we did try to reach out to sourceforge, but no interest at that time.   Wouldn't hurt to re-double that effort again though
19:01:09 * cboltz thinks suseROCKs shouldn't trust tab completion too much
19:01:40 <AlanClark> thanks prusnak - good stuff!
19:01:46 <AlanClark> any other team status?
19:01:55 <AlanClark> Robert Schweikert - want to report on cloud?
19:01:56 * suseROCKs trusts cboltz to inform him that his tab completion is #fail
19:02:28 * AlanClark not sure Robert is here
19:03:19 <suseROCKs> I think we can move on from this topic now
19:03:43 <AlanClark> #topic Board meeting at osc
19:04:08 <AlanClark> Perhaps we should simply move this to the mailing list
19:04:23 <AlanClark> and discuss it there
19:04:25 <suseROCKs> Agreed.  not enough people here to have a reasonable discusssion
19:04:42 <AlanClark> I will take the AI to start a mail thread
19:04:47 <prusnak> agreed, but for the record i'm ok with having it prior the conference
19:04:57 <suseROCKs> same here
19:05:37 <AlanClark> +1; we just need to work out some details soon so that everyone can book travel appropriately
19:06:18 <AlanClark> #topic Where do we need to improve?
19:06:50 <suseROCKs> For once, i actually don't have anything to complain about here  :-)
19:07:13 <AlanClark> I don't see any new entries in openFATE
19:08:23 <suseROCKs> not even yaloki has any improvement suggestions?
19:08:28 <AlanClark> suseROCKS, Guess we've reached perfection
19:09:18 <warlordfff> we did
19:09:36 <warlordfff> ;-)
19:09:47 <AlanClark> ok, shall we move to the next topic?
19:10:10 <suseROCKs> you guys are still stuck with me, so we haven't reached perfection yet.
19:10:46 <AlanClark> #topic Q/A
19:11:16 <AlanClark> There are no questions posted to the wiki.  Do we have any questions from the meeting participants?
19:11:48 <suseROCKs> c'mon warlordfff   You must have a million questions!
19:12:04 <warlordfff> I do
19:12:23 <warlordfff> but I have a Greek ambassadors meeting to now so...
19:13:35 <warlordfff> raincheck
19:14:18 <AlanClark> ok since we're so quiet today... going once
19:14:26 <AlanClark> twice
19:14:39 <AlanClark> thrice
19:14:54 <AlanClark> that concludes the agenda.
19:14:59 <AlanClark> Any other topics to discuss today?
19:15:15 <suseROCKs> None here
19:15:17 <prusnak> any news wrt foundation?
19:15:18 <tigerfoot> for QA
19:15:39 <tigerfoot> I've just a question about the status about member approvement process,
19:15:50 <AlanClark> prusnak, no new news wrt foundation yet
19:15:55 <tigerfoot> we didn't have report recently, did we ?
19:16:12 <suseROCKs> tigerfoot,   report from?
19:16:16 <prusnak> tigerfoot: we (boosters) reworked interface so it is much easier now
19:16:31 <prusnak> and membership approval started to work on it again
19:16:39 <prusnak> membership approval team
19:16:59 <suseROCKs> so they're happy with the process and things are expediting?
19:17:08 <tigerfoot> prusnak: ok ..
19:17:18 <tigerfoot> good to heard
19:17:23 <AlanClark> kudos to the membership approval team - I can see that they are working through the approvals!!!!
19:17:23 <prusnak> if someone is unhappy we don't know it
19:17:49 <suseROCKs> good answer, prusnak   :-)
19:18:17 <tigerfoot> prusnak: it's quite normal, sometimes people think that if they make too much noise, they will be considered as (...place your word here ...) :D
19:18:51 <tigerfoot> but now if the process is ok again, then I will ask them to make noise :-)
19:19:45 <mrdocs> lo gang
19:19:54 <BManojlovic> hello
19:19:55 <AlanClark> Hey mrdocs
19:20:04 <mrdocs> sorry i was not here earlier.. internet turbulence here
19:20:07 <AlanClark> We're at the Q/A topic in the agenda
19:20:11 <mrdocs> ok
19:20:16 <mrdocs> anything needing votes ?
19:20:26 <AlanClark> Actually yes
19:20:37 <AlanClark> with 4 we can go back to agenda item #3
19:20:57 <AlanClark> Any other Q/A questions?
19:21:24 <AlanClark> er agenda item #4
19:21:47 <AlanClark> #topic permission@ requests
19:22:20 <AlanClark> We have one request for trademark usage from media-moritz
19:22:20 * suseROCKs wrings mrdocs   I thought I was able to walk away  :-)
19:22:53 <suseROCKs> AlanClark,   what's the subject line, if you don't mind?
19:23:32 <AlanClark> the latest email subject line: "Re: Fwd: OpenSUSE logo in my online-shop"
19:23:40 <suseROCKs> ahh that one
19:23:48 <BManojlovic> "Requests for use of the trademarks have been received through permission@. The board has needs to vote on the following: "
19:25:11 <AlanClark> Looking at his proposed website, it looks to me like he is simply distributing openSUSE.
19:25:34 <mrdocs> looks ok to me as well
19:26:11 <prusnak> ok from me as well
19:26:13 <AlanClark> In which case I don't think that the board needs to give approval - His use case is already covered and granted in the trademark guidelines
19:26:33 <suseROCKs> I can't fairly comment on the usage in the site itself as it is in German, but if it is simply a re-distribution, its okay by me.
19:26:37 <suseROCKs> Is he charging a fee?
19:26:50 <AlanClark> yes
19:27:14 <suseROCKs> what kind of fee?
19:27:15 <AlanClark> er - at least the site is setup to where he can charge a fee
19:27:52 <suseROCKs> if its a "handling fee"  I won't object.  If its a "selling fee" I'm not sure where we stand on that.
19:30:22 <AlanClark> The site has a shopping cart - he doesn't  state how much of a fee or if it's for shipping/handling
19:31:30 <suseROCKs> are we concerned about that?   If not, I'll vote yes.
19:31:50 <AlanClark> prusnak - translate this "Dieses Angebot beinhaltet keinen kommerziellen Support."
19:32:02 <suseROCKs> if I'm not mistaken, as long as you keep it intact, its not a violation to sell.   Am I wrong?   prusnak mrdocs   thoughts?
19:32:15 * prusnak copies that into google translate
19:32:27 <suseROCKs> LOL
19:32:29 <cboltz> AlanClark: it means "This offer does not contain commercial support"
19:32:34 <prusnak> This offer does not include commercial support.
19:32:46 <AlanClark> lol
19:33:00 <AlanClark> prusnak - is the turing machine!
19:33:12 <prusnak> he takes 1 eur as a compensation for burning and media price
19:33:19 <prusnak> i assume
19:33:45 <suseROCKs> pffth  if that's the case, there's hardly anything to question here.   I say +1
19:34:18 <suseROCKs> its not like we're selling warlordfff,, for which we would demand a lot more money.
19:34:36 * warlordfff not for sale
19:34:44 <suseROCKs> how about rent?
19:34:46 * warlordfff present to humanity
19:34:47 <AlanClark> The 1 eur may just be a placeholder while he develops the site.
19:35:02 <AlanClark> So we can't assume what his price will be
19:35:26 <AlanClark> I will clarify with him that the fees are for burning and media.
19:35:34 <suseROCKs> alright, let's clear up the general question.  Do we have issues/violations if someone *sells* openSUSE?
19:36:01 <suseROCKs> if the question is yes, then we need to look further into this.  If the answer is no, then nothing to discuss I guess.
19:37:31 <AlanClark> Where he is referring to material that makes it clear that openSUSE is an open source project, I don't have a problem with it.  From that it should be obvious that they could get it from the openSUSE project.
19:37:53 <AlanClark> That should keep his prices to a media price level
19:38:21 <suseROCKs> ok then let's just +1 it and move on.
19:38:45 <suseROCKs> prusnak,   mrdocs    concerns?  vote?   State now so we can close the meeting and have a life
19:38:58 <prusnak> i already said i'm ok with that
19:39:15 <suseROCKs> ok  mrdocs  for the quorum-requiring vote...
19:39:21 * AlanClark is ok
19:39:39 <AlanClark> suseROCKS, mrdocs also already voted
19:39:44 <suseROCKs> oh  ok
19:39:48 <suseROCKs> then we're ready to go and close
19:40:07 <AlanClark> With that, we are at the end of our agenda.
19:40:08 <yaloki> what?????
19:40:30 <yaloki> :D
19:40:33 <yaloki> jk
19:40:41 <suseROCKs> ahh yaloki  yaloki  yaloki    This is so unlike you  :-D
19:41:10 <AlanClark> Any last items from the group? else we are closing the meeting
19:41:26 <suseROCKs> Close Close Close!   :-D
19:41:57 * yaloki goes on to pay 200â‚¬ for opensu.se
19:42:07 <AlanClark> thanks everyone for participating
19:42:11 <AlanClark> #endmeeting