<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by prusnak at 18:02:30 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Old Action Items</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html#l-26'>prusnak</a>, 18:05:13)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Alan working with Attachmate Executive Mgt and
    Legal teams, SUSE management is supportive of the Foundation.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html#l-37'>prusnak</a>,
    18:10:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">we agreed we need a session (probably BoF)
    about novell vs. (open)suse bugzilla and bugzilla vs. fate
    discussion</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html#l-73'>prusnak</a>,
    18:20:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">folks at Google don't know whether there will
    be Google Code-In this year. if yes, they'll announce it sometime
    around the first week of October</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html#l-96'>prusnak</a>,
    18:25:25)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status Reports</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html#l-105'>prusnak</a>, 18:27:29)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">lots of buzz going on about the conference,
    follow news.opensuse.org to get it all!</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html#l-116'>prusnak</a>,
    18:32:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">alan and sshaw working on (secret for now) fun
    activity that will entice people to register and attend the
    conference.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html#l-124'>prusnak</a>,
    18:35:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">GSoC results will be closed this Friday, 7
    mentors have already submitted their evaluations, only 1 of them was
    FAIL, we are still waiting for the other 7 evaluations</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html#l-151'>prusnak</a>,
    18:40:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Board F2F at the openSUSE Conference</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html#l-186'>prusnak</a>, 18:52:56)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">most of the Board members will arrive on 8th
    Sept and will have a F2F meeting on 9th and 10th, just prior the
    conference</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html#l-206'>prusnak</a>,
    18:56:43)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">permission@ requests</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html#l-243'>prusnak</a>, 19:08:36)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Where do we need to improve?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html#l-307'>prusnak</a>, 19:23:58)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Questions &amp; Answers</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html#l-346'>prusnak</a>, 19:31:03)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:36:03 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>prusnak (141)</li>
  <li>suseROCKs (114)</li>
  <li>AlanClark (79)</li>
  <li>mrdocs (30)</li>
  <li>bugbot (4)</li>
  <li>sshaw (2)</li>
  <li>SUSEhelp (1)</li>
  <li>izabelvalverde (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
