<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:01:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project + Board Meeting  05-October-2011</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:01:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Oct  5 18:01:41 2011 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:01:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:02:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Yes bear454   Had to.  As you can see, we have back-to-back meetings  :-D
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:02:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">prusnak henne</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:02:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: henne prusnak suseROCKs
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:02:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ladies and Gentlemen, thank you for coming to the openSUSE Project + Board Meeting.   I'm glad to see old faces and new faces today.
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:03:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We shall now begin.   Unfortunately, several board members are not able to attend today and so we will not have a board quorum.  Therefore, we will discuss board topics, but not vote on any board topics.
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:03:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Let's begin
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:03:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Our agenda is http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Board_meeting
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:03:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. Old Action Items (30 minutes)
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:03:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> There are project wide action items we need to discuss and specific board action items.
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:03:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. Status Reports (15 minutes)
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:03:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Teams and individuals send various status reports around. For instance Coolo sends one for the distribution to opensuse-factory, the OBS team publishes meeting minutes on their mailinglist, the boosters their "What are the boosters up to" blogposts. Are there any questions regarding those or do we need to discuss anything in detail? Or does anyone wants to give a live status report of something?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:03:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3. 2012 elections
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:03:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. Action: Invitation to join the election committee is completed. Election committee needs to form their next steps.
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:03:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 4. permission@ requests (5 minutes)
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:03:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Requests for use of the trademarks have been received through permission@. The board has needs to vote on the following:
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:03:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 5. Forum moderation
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:03:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. Need to let people know that there IS moderation with a method to help flame wars from getting out of hand
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:03:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. remind people that the openSUSE mailing lists *are* moderated, we've got rules and if someone doesn't behave you can ask the moderators to do their thing by mailing xxx. This info should be made available on the bottom of every mail as a reminder.
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:04:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. Action: add to every mailinglist on our infrastructure a short "contact the moderators of this list: XXX+owner@opensuse.org".
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:04:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 6. Where do we need to improve? (15 minutes)
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:04:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> This topic is about quick, small, actionable problems we have. Stuff we can solve between this and the next meeting. Everybody can add ideas to openFATE.
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. Followup from osc11 BoF ( http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:What_to_improve_osc11_session )
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:04:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 7. Questions &amp; Answers (30 minutes)
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:04:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Here we discuss additional topics or questions that came up during the meeting.
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:04:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Old Action Items</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:04:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Here are the Project Action Items  http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:05:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> henne hasn't updated the wiki yet?  #SLACKER
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:05:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> These all seem to be stuck action items so I don't think we have anything to discuss on this.  Any objections to moving on?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:05:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> if you can re-email me a fresh copy of the proposed tm guidelines I'll update the wiki.
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:05:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok seems no objections, so let's move on to Board Action Items  http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:06:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bear454,   Ok  I'll look for it and get it out to you
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:06:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> Oh, I can get it from cschum
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:06:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs to re-email bear454 a fresh copy of the proposed tm guidelines to update on the wiki</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:06:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#undo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:06:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Removing item from minutes: &lt;MeetBot.items.Action object at 0x1d9a0d0&gt;
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:06:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> so just have the bug reassigned to me
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:07:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok bear454
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:07:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bear454,   are you able to re-assign yourself?  If so, go ahead and do it so we have it off our plate of items  :-)
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:08:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we have http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais  however, those are two definitely stuck AI's so nothing to discuss there as well..  Let's move on to next topic
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:08:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status Reports</span>
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:09:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Does anyone have any reports to provide?    With all the exciting things going on these days
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:09:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> reassigned
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:10:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> thanks bear454
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:10:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> posted for LinuxMagazin was accepted this morning
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:10:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Congratulations bear454
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:10:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> A lot of exciting things going on in marketing and artwork teams, to be sure.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:11:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   perhaps an update on the planned release of openQA next week?
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:11:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> PDF available at http://minus.com/mQXiR1yPv
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:12:24 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">wants to grab his phone in the other room and check out that cool qr code</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:12:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok seems there's no one around to give status reports, so let's move on to next topic
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:13:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">#2012 Elections</span>
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:13:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> oh boy
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The Board is happy to welcome bear454 izabelvalverde oy kostas and digitltom to the new Election Committee
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:13:51 </span><span class="nka">* bear454</span> <span class="ac">requested the election ml be regenerated with the new crew</span>
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:14:04 </span><span class="nka">* bear454</span> <span class="ac">emailed the board a few questions</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:14:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">henne to tend to the election-officials@ mailing list</span>
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:14:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> that's all so far
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:14:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so the committee has been asking questions.   Does anyone have questions for the committee?  :-)
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:16:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> going once
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:16:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> Do we know a date when they will start?
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:16:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> The process?
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:16:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> We started TODAY
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:17:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> Ok. Thanks
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:18:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gmzysk,   to further shed some light.   The Election Committee will be responsible for developing a timeline and determining the best dates within the timeline for things to happen
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We, the board, don't get a say and we stay out of it.  :-D
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:19:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCks:</span> Alright, thanks for the clarification :-)
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:19:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I guess we can close this topic then
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:19:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmzysk:</span> you can check out http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Board_election for more info
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:20:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> Thanks for the link!
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:20:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmzysk:</span> yw
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:20:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the next topic is #4 Trademark permissions.  But as this is a votable matter and we don't have quorum, plus we don't have requests in the last two weeks, we'll skip this one
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:20:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and that brings us to the next topic:
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:20:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Forum Moderation</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:21:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, would you like to speak on this topic?
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:21:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> well
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> the only thing I wanted to ask is if we could get that footer in place
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:21:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> as was discussed at oSC :D
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:21:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> then I'd be happy to mention it in a blog :D
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:22:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> it's a tad too late to relate it to the religious fight on -project
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:22:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but we can at least do that...
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:22:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> ugh
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:22:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> bless you
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:22:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:22:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   refresh my memory.  In  your email request, did you propose text for the footer?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:22:32 </span><span class="nka">* bear454</span> <span class="ac">had to make a rule to s-can that thread</span>
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:22:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Action:</span> add to every mailinglist on our infrastructure a short "contact the moderators of this list: XXX+owner@opensuse.org".
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:23:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yes
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:23:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and I said it'd be good to announce it shortly on all mailinglists
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   ok   I think we simply need to ask henne  to go ahead and get that taken care of.  he's the mailing list admin
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:23:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> with someting like "the moderators would like to remind everyone that these lists are moderated and you can contact the mods so and so" or whatever
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:23:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yup
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:23:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> that was what I asked :D
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:24:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">henne to update proposed footer on mailing lists and ping jospoortvliet as soon as done so Jos can blog about it</span>
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:24:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm curious though as this topic mentions "forums"....  is there something going on over in the Forums area as well?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:25:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> afaik no
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:25:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> you made that up, I bet :D
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:26:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   that's cuz I have WAAAY too much free time on my hands!
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:26:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> there should be a sticky in *every* forum/subforum about conduct
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:26:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> sorry about no answer on openQA earlier, missed reading that. Status: all is well, will go according to plan :D manugupt1 and me are finishing the last articles, we're good.
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:26:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> awesome jospoortvliet   Thanks for the update
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:26:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok next topic
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:26:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> +1 It would not hurt
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:26:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Where </span><span class="cmdline">do we need to improve</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:26:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> well the forums hare, afaik, more active/visible moderation so it's less of an issue there. people don't seem to realize our mailinglists are moderated too so we should remind them
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:26:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> What about etherpad on oo.oo
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:27:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> so they ping mods whenever something is going on
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:27:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ...
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:27:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:28:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> I don't use them much, I just want to make sure we use a consistent standard &amp; message
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:28:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and btw  thankfully jospoortvliet  has volunteered to help moderate the low-traffic support mailing list  :-D
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:28:44 </span><span class="nka">* bear454</span> <span class="ac">golf claps</span>
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:29:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> <span class="hi">susROCKs:</span> HA HA HA!!!
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:29:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok now for the actual topic... Where do we improve?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:29:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and manugupt1   you just asked about our own instance of etherpad
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:29:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Etherpad or etherpad-lite instance on opensuse.org
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:30:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> we talked a little bit about that with michal, we might start an etherpad-lite on the same server we have susepaste.org
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:30:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> in a discussion on the mailing thread, it was pointed out that if someone packages it, then it will be installed
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:30:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> thanks
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:30:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   michal hrusecky?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:30:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yep
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> that's no promise, just that we might look into it
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:31:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   so what's needed then?   more discussion consideraitons or a just do it mode?
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:31:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> "might look into it" doesn't sound very promising  :-)
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:31:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> if someone else is first then it's ok
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:31:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> But it just hampers sometimes we need some thing..
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:31:34 </span><span class="nka">* bear454</span> <span class="ac">is trying to package it</span>
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:31:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> etherpad-lite that is
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:31:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> java version or node.js version?
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:31:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> please do, it would be awesome. openQA writing progress is currently blocked because our etherpad http://ietherpad.com/openqa is down :(
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:31:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> ah, ok
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:31:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> how about someone package it, then we can at least eliminate that part of the equation?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:31:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> very annoying
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:31:49 </span><span class="nka">* bear454</span> <span class="ac">is totally over etherpad (old)</span>
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:31:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> node
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:32:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> it's packaged, there's a studio image
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:32:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> right?
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:32:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   image != package apparently
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:32:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> etherpad-lite, which is node.js version can be done I guess, we dont need integration with bento or anything
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:32:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yeah...
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:32:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> i've been using piratepad for ages and no problems
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:32:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> FYI, internally, its running at http://eucavm051.suse.de , if you're inside the SUSE firewall
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:32:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   really?  I find piratepad even more unreliable
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:32:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> We have had problems with piratepad too
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:33:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> has gone down plenty if times too... and we need a public thing so I can work with manugupt1 and our other contributors ...
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:33:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> there are great jquery, etc. plugins for -lite, so you can integrate pads on other sites/pages
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:33:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> frankly its not just about service reliability, its causing a mess in trying to keep up with where everything is
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> One benefit of etherpad-lite is no java
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:33:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> anyway let's move on, we won't solve it here/now. bear454 is packaging, prusnak is looking into hosting. If they solve this they're my heroes :D
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:34:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> in marketing alone, we've literally created hundres of pads and tracking them is a nightmare
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:34:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yes, that is an additional concern. We loose things. Having our own install means being able to keep track of things, give access to people etc
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:34:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> you should use the wiki to reference pads
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:34:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> i am not sure if tracking gets better with having another instance
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:34:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well jospoortvliet   I do appreciate what prusnak said.  However  I would really like to see it changed from "might look into it" to "will look into it"
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:35:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bear454,   its a double-step
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:35:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> also i am not every amused that the only reason for having an own instance is more reliability than piratepad
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:35:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   if you've looked at private pads you'll see that it creates a list of all pads within that private sector.
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:35:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Unlike the very public pads which do not list anything automatically.
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:35:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> piratepad runs etherpad (java), which the foundation is about ready to completely abandon, because of the response to etherpad-lite (node.js)
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:35:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> its why I have my own private pad as well  so I can automatically track my docs without any extra steps on my part
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:36:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> anyway, let's continue i guess
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:36:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> is Snowy dead?
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:36:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> thanks for investigating node.js and etherpad-lite
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:36:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   can we at least, before moving on, get an assurance that it will definitely be looked into?
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:36:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> it would be an *ideal* solution for this
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:36:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> pushing node.js, npm and etherpad-lite to factory would be great :)
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:36:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I built the VM.  but for that we need a place to host it.
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:37:06 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">has to go, dinner time... sorry. will catch up later, OK?</span>
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:37:10 </span><span class="nka">* bear454</span> <span class="ac">is *trying* to get it packaged.</span>
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:37:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok thanks jospoortvliet   we're just about done anyway
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:37:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> any other "Where can we improve" topics?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:37:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> p.s. node.js branch on OBS is getting updated by Studio team now (since we need it now)
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:38:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thanks Studio team for being a valued contributor to the openSUSE Project  :-)
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:38:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok guys   any more "improve" stuff to talk about?
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:39:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> going once
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:39:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> the migration to kmail2 / akonadi would definitively need some improvement
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:39:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> but that might be too technical for this meeting ;-)
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:39:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> HackWeek results?
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:39:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh sure cboltz   throw that in!
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:40:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bear454,   There's one result published on news.o.o regarding ARM
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:40:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> i think that's an upstream issue, right? :)
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:40:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I hope we'll have more hackweek summaries on news.o.o soon
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:40:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> the short version is that I had some "fun" with the migration
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:40:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> yes, it's probably an upstream issue, but it affects 12.1 very much
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:40:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> therefore it's also an issue for openSUSE
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:41:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> cboltz,   I think this should be directed at the #opensuse-kede channel
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:41:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> yes, I asked there already
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:41:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> err  -kde    Sorry
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:41:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> kee dee eee
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:42:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> but didn't get a "good enough" answer - which might mean there is none :-(
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:42:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> I'm even thinking about downgrading my kdepim packages to the KDE 4.6 version...
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:42:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bear454,   LOL   When in NUE, Katey kept hearing the name "KDE" with an accent and was wondering why everyone was talking about her  :-)
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:43:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> cboltz,   seriously, I wish we could wave our wand and make it all better for you, but if the KDE team is unable to help, then we the board definitely can't help.
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:44:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So I guess we should move on to the last topic
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:44:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> that's why I said it's probably too technical ;-)
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:44:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> feel free to move on...
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:44:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Q&amp;A</span>
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:44:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have no listed questions on the wiki so if  anyone has any general questions to ask, now's the time to ask...
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:45:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> Curious about election rules, now that Novell and SUSE are effectively separate companies... are there limits on Novell(non-SUSE) or other "Attachmate Group" company employees ?
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:46:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> or is that something the Committee needs to address ?
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:46:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bear454,   Something the committee needs to address
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:46:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> well, not really
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:46:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> %$#@!
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:46:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> the rules changed before the previous elections
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:46:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but if you were to ask my opinion, subsidiaries and whotnot is irrelevant.  All are part of the same parent company
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:47:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> and they say that no more than 40% board members can be from one company
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:47:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> there is nothing about SUSE or Novell
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:47:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> is tAG considered "one company" ?
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:47:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> tAG?
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:47:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> or are Novell, SUSE, Attachmate, NetIQ separate companies, for the purposes of this discussion?
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:47:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,  but I think he's asking (rather validly) whether we interpret companies individually or by their parent holding company
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:47:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> tAG === The Attachmate Group
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:47:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> As far as I know, they are just business units of the same company
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:48:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> tAG is one company as far i can say
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:48:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I would interpret it similarly as prusnak, yes.
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:48:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> So, if one person employed by Pepsi, and one employed by Pizza Hut wanted to join, we'd say "no"?
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:49:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> exact formulation is
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:49:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> since Pepsico owns Pizza Hut
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:49:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> "no single organization or company can control more than 40 percent of the electable board seats"
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:49:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> so while we can discuss whether tAG is a company or not
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:49:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> it is clearly an organization
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:49:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yup  +1
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:49:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:50:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> but that is up to discussion
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">18:50:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and bear454   to further clarify....
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">18:50:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> you don't say no to the Pizza Hut Guy.   You simply allow both to run and whomever is the higher vote getter wins
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">18:50:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> or both win if it = 40%
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">18:50:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> or put it in another words, the wording might change if election officials wants to and board approves the change
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">18:51:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> however, if 40% already exists on the board and is not up for re-election, then a new candidate cannot come from that organization
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">18:51:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> It is worth a try, at this point
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">18:51:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> What about appointed members?
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">18:52:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gmzysk,   that doesn't count against the 40%  and presently we only have an appointed chair
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">18:52:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmzysk:</span> good point
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">18:52:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> rules currently say it is appointed by Novell
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">18:52:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> this should be changed to SUSE or the Attachmate Group :)
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">18:52:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if it did count, we'd be in violation currently as we have prusnak alan and henne
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">18:52:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> That is what I mean....Maybe change the rules for an appointed chair to all being voted in ;-)
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">18:52:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> just emailed the board about that this morning :)
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">18:53:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> So, no appointments? All elected the same way!!!
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">18:53:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gmzysk,   actually that's the plan when we move on to foundation.  Because once we become a foundation, having an appointed member by Novell would ruin its creditiblity
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">18:53:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> or rather by tAG
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">18:53:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> ah, i see the email now
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">18:54:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Sure
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">18:54:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i think we'll discuss on board ML
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">18:54:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but as of right now, I don't think tAG is ready to relinquish the power of appointing the chair.
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">18:54:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> Just a thought ;-)
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">18:55:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Anything else?
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">18:57:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;[daemon]&gt;</span> yeah - I want Pizza - NOW!
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">18:57:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> I think its moot until there is a foundation ;)
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">18:57:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">[daemon]:</span> but you have beer already, I can see it!
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">18:57:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">[daemon]:</span> (ok, that's a safe bet)
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">18:57:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;[daemon]&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> no I don't
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">18:57:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;[daemon]&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> no beer at home
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">18:57:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> hm.. whisky?
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">18:58:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Does German law allow not having beer at home?
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">18:58:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> [deamon] Oh, no!!! The partner in crime
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">18:58:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;[daemon]&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> only if friends are invited
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">18:58:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> i think we can wrap up the meeting :)
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">18:58:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,  I think so too  :-)
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">18:58:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> just a sec
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">18:58:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok folks I'm shutting down the meeting in
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">18:58:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> openSUSE at Brainshare ?
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">18:58:34 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">screeches to a halt</span>
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">18:58:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bear454,  Yes we will have several folks at Brainshare.
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">18:59:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;[daemon]&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmzysk:</span> yeah - and its your fault that I have "GTD" in my mind all the time ... gonna do a nice design and print some T-Shirts :)
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">18:59:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We are invited guests of the SUSE Team
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">18:59:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bear454,   So what is the question?
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">18:59:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> I hadn't seen anything on news.o.o about it
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">18:59:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmzysk&gt;</span> [deamon] :-))))
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">19:00:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bear454,   I plan to blog about it tomorrow.   and after next week I plan to write an article titled "12.1 gets previewed at Brainshare" for news.o.o
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">19:00:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">19:00:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but we're not doing a traditional openSUSE presence at Brainshare.   We don't have our own booth and we are basically just supposed to sit on bean bag chairs for three days and wow people with our presence.  :-D
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">19:01:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Hopefully a forklift will be provided to pick me up from the bean bag chair
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">19:01:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> well, I'm sure you'll get some reaction to *your* presence... are you gonna wear your tail?
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">19:01:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bear454,   maybe just the hat.  Haven't decided on the tail yet  :-)
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">19:02:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> K I'm done spouting off now
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">19:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> for now...
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">19:02:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok folks thanks for a great meeting!   See you in two weeks at the next meeting!
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">19:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
