13:03:30 <AJaeger> #startmeeting osc11 PLanning Meeting
13:03:30 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed Jul 20 13:03:30 2011 UTC.  The chair is AJaeger. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:03:30 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:03:35 <AJaeger> #chair henne suseRocks
13:03:35 <bugbot> Current chairs: AJaeger henne suseRocks
13:03:55 <AJaeger> Welcome to the second part of our openSUSE conference 2011 planning meeting.
13:04:11 * suseROCKs prefers a little more #bed  :-)
13:04:11 <AJaeger> For an agenda, see: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_meeting
13:04:26 <AJaeger> I'd like to say a big THANK YOU to Henne for updating the todo pages:
13:04:39 <AJaeger> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_promotion_todo_list and http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_todo_list
13:04:52 * suseROCKs thanks henne  as well before actually going over to look at the page
13:05:04 <AJaeger> The agenda for today is:
13:05:05 <AJaeger> * Venue
13:05:08 <AJaeger> * Social Events
13:05:11 <AJaeger> * Hotels
13:05:20 <AJaeger> Let's start with the first one on the list.
13:05:24 <AJaeger> #topic Venue
13:05:42 <henne> did you come up with a list somewhere?
13:05:47 <AJaeger> Henne and myself put some stuff online at http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_todo_list#Venue
13:06:40 <AJaeger> I suggest we review the list by area one by one and henne edits again. Ok?
13:06:48 <henne> yes please
13:07:10 <AJaeger> #topic "Venue - Beergarden"
13:07:40 <henne> there are also some general Venue tasks
13:07:49 <henne> maybe we should do them first?
13:07:57 <AJaeger> henne: Thanks, let's go up.
13:08:02 <AJaeger> #topic "Venue - General"
13:08:23 * henne introduces AJaeger to the power of #undo ;)
13:08:37 <AJaeger> henne: Even for topics? Thanks!
13:08:39 <henne> yes
13:09:09 <henne> so Technical Support
13:09:12 <suseROCKs> Who all is here participating?  Is it just the three of us?
13:09:26 <AJaeger> Seems to be - but even then it makes sense.
13:09:37 <suseROCKs> Sure
13:09:45 <henne> cwh is also there
13:09:51 <cwh> yo
13:09:51 <AJaeger> Technical support - yes we need volunteers to do this.
13:09:53 <AJaeger> HI cwh!
13:09:58 <Dominian> I'd participate but I won't be in Germany anytime soon :P
13:10:17 <henne> do we want to have someone per room who is responsible?
13:10:21 <suseROCKs> Dominian,   Useful suggestions, comments, and ideas are sill welcome  :-)
13:10:33 <Dominian> suseROCKs: I'll keep an eye on the channel.. at work at the moment.
13:10:50 <henne> i guess this only makes sense for the main room. right AJaeger?
13:10:56 <AJaeger> henne: We could combine technical support and session chair - or split it up.
13:11:00 <suseROCKs> henne,   Can you give us an idea for the purpose of this discussion....  how many rooms are we talking about  (and I presume you mean session rooms)
13:11:16 <AJaeger> For the main room and the Baalroom we need technical support since we want to have microphones there.
13:11:34 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: four rooms, see seminar rooms
13:11:41 <henne> on http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_location
13:11:54 <suseROCKs> ok
13:12:10 <henne> so we only need 2 people for the main room
13:12:20 <AJaeger> henne: Give me the AI to update the above URL with some more details.
13:13:13 <henne> ok
13:13:22 <henne> so we only need 2 people for the main room IMHO
13:13:29 <suseROCKs> Ok so we need a person to handle technical issues in each room, right?
13:13:40 <AJaeger> I would add one additional person for Ballraum
13:13:46 <henne> both for technical assistance/session chair
13:13:59 <henne> AJaeger: why?
13:14:15 <AJaeger> henne: Ballraum is large and will have microphones etc as well.
13:14:16 <suseROCKs> Are we planning on people bringing their own laptops and hook up to the projector or bring a USB?
13:14:16 <henne> and both with a phone you can call
13:14:32 <henne> suseROCKs: own laptops of course
13:15:27 <suseROCKs> So the tech person should be prepared to address laptop connectivity issues since that's the most common reason why sessions get delayed
13:15:55 <henne> yeah
13:15:57 <henne> AJaeger: is the ballroom also upstairs?
13:15:59 <AJaeger> and might have a spare laptop in case something doesn't work?
13:16:00 <suseROCKs> We sat around for a half hour last year waiting for one session to get started  :-/
13:16:04 <AJaeger> henne: Upstairs
13:16:16 <AJaeger> henne: 3rd floor
13:16:47 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   +1 to the spare laptop and I suggest we inform our presenters that they have the option of bringing their own laptop or just a USB if they prefer.
13:16:47 <henne> then lets have 2 people upstairs and 2 people downstairs
13:17:12 <AJaeger> ok, henne.
13:17:19 <henne> makes the task to find 16 volunteers
13:17:40 <AJaeger> yep.
13:17:41 <henne> and the taks to organize 2 spare laptops
13:17:53 <AJaeger> agreed.
13:17:59 <henne> that's enough for technical support I think
13:18:06 <AJaeger> yeah - next one is "pin buttons"
13:18:21 <AJaeger> Shall we do them - or use name tags and lanyards?
13:18:28 <suseROCKs> I'd like to ensure we videotape each session (at least the talks)   is that part of technical category?
13:18:31 <AJaeger> name tags with lanyards is less work ;)
13:18:51 <suseROCKs> ^^ means we need to ask people to loan their cameras.   I have one I plan to loan if not enough are available
13:18:52 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Already noted for main room but not for others.
13:19:39 <AJaeger> WE would not only need volunteers to record but also some to upload stuff. That took ages at osc09 ;(
13:19:54 <suseROCKs> Yes
13:20:12 <suseROCKs> Fortunately my camera handles a huge SD Card for 9 hours worth of data.  So I can easily swap out SD Cards
13:20:30 <henne> i have a question for the last task
13:20:37 <henne> who is going to organize the volunteers?
13:20:43 <suseROCKs> But we do need someone ready on hand to quickly process completed tapings.   So, a "video team" should be organized
13:21:02 <suseROCKs> henne,   Volunteers in general or volunteers for video?
13:21:17 <AJaeger> henne: I guess we need to do a general call for volunteers as part of marketing activities.
13:21:22 <henne> volunteers for tech support
13:21:38 <henne> who is we? you and me? :)
13:21:47 <AJaeger> ;)
13:22:00 <henne> we should leave it open then
13:22:07 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   Yes.  And I think its really important we do that because we want to make sure everyone feels a part of and invested in the conference.
13:22:10 <henne> so we know no one is caring for it
13:22:40 <AJaeger> henne: The technical support as "audio-video".
13:22:49 <AJaeger> For video we might need an extra person, I would separate this out.
13:22:50 <Dominian> Are these volunteers that will be on-site at the conference in Germany?
13:22:58 <henne> the task is: Technical Support. Find 4 volunteers (2 downstairs/2 upstairs) for each day to act as techsupport for beamer/mic/room support
13:23:11 <AJaeger> projector - not beamer ;)
13:23:33 <AJaeger> with that definition I'M fine.
13:23:41 <henne> now on to video
13:23:45 <henne> so do we want to record ALL talks?
13:23:46 <suseROCKs> Dominian,   I think we'll have a better idea of "volunteer needs" once we have the full list blown up
13:24:00 <henne> i would suggest we only record the main room
13:24:08 <Dominian> suseROCKs: Right, but these people will be on-site at the conference in Germany?
13:24:14 <henne> everybody always wants video but nobody really wants to do it
13:24:20 <henne> Dominian: yes of course
13:24:22 <AJaeger> henne: If we have enough volunteers, yes. But let's make a call for a video team and let them decide what they can do.
13:24:23 <Dominian> drat
13:24:33 <suseROCKs> henne,   I want to do it.    :-)
13:24:33 <Dominian> henne: ok, I can't volunteer then hehe
13:24:45 <AJaeger> henne: Main room for sure.
13:25:16 <henne> haven't you learned yet that the success of some call for help is dependend on the description of the task? :)
13:25:24 <suseROCKs> The key is to find 4 willing donors of cameras and people willing to manage the cameras
13:25:39 <henne> so lets define what we, the conference team, want
13:25:52 <AJaeger> henne: Then make it minimal and easy to manage - just the main room.
13:26:06 <henne> i find that enough yes
13:26:20 <suseROCKs> :-/
13:26:52 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: we had no volunteers for osc10 to do video, and it took ages to upload - so from past experience, let's start small. If enough people volunteer, we can go for the maximal version
13:26:54 <henne> suseROCKs: how about you organize that and then you do more? :)
13:27:19 <suseROCKs> henne,   That's what I said, isn't it?  :-)
13:27:35 <henne> not explicitely no...
13:27:46 <henne> okay wonderbar
13:27:58 <AJaeger> henne: So, sign him up and let's move on. suseROCKs thanks, I didn't grab it either.
13:28:05 <AJaeger> ok, "pin buttons"
13:28:18 <AJaeger> Shall we do them - or use name tags and lanyards?
13:28:28 <suseROCKs> what is "pin buttons"?
13:28:28 <AJaeger> name tags with lanyards is less work ;)
13:28:29 <henne> we don't have a button machine. but it would be cool to have one
13:28:42 <henne> in general
13:28:49 <AJaeger> we can buy one, they're not so expensive.
13:28:50 <suseROCKs> here in US  Pin and button is synonomous  :-)
13:29:03 <Dominian> I want an openSUSE license plate for the front of my car
13:29:06 <Dominian> :P
13:29:10 <henne> AJaeger: is stuff like that in the budget?
13:29:13 <AJaeger> It might make it more difficult to create buttons for those that did not register.
13:29:17 <Dominian> although Green on a Tan vehicle probably wouldn't look that good.
13:29:51 <AJaeger> henne: I guess that buttons are as expensive as name tags/lanyards, so it's in the budget.
13:30:15 <henne> okay. I'll happily take that task :)
13:30:28 <suseROCKs> I throw away name tags/lanyards.   But Buttons seem more keepsake-able
13:30:39 <AJaeger> henne: Give me a cost estimate asap so that I can add it to the budget spreadsheet.
13:30:42 <suseROCKs> If we're gonna spend the money, seems more prudent to spend it on something that will last
13:30:45 <henne> AJaeger: will do
13:30:48 <henne> next thing
13:31:53 <AJaeger> "check acoustic influence"
13:32:01 <AJaeger> There will be some for sure.
13:32:15 <suseROCKs> acoustic influence... is that a mocking of my hearing aid?  :-)
13:32:37 <henne> I think this should read: meet at the venue with the PA guys
13:32:54 <AJaeger> henne: rewrite it
13:32:57 <henne> or rather organize a PA
13:33:22 <AJaeger> henne: what exactly does PA stand for?
13:33:28 * cartman wonders the same
13:33:38 <suseROCKs> Public Audio
13:34:02 <henne> public address
13:34:06 <henne> http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_address
13:34:12 <suseROCKs> Close enough  ;-)
13:34:12 <henne> loudspeaker :)
13:34:29 <AJaeger> henne: incl. mixer - ok.
13:34:45 <suseROCKs> and Green megaphones
13:35:04 <AJaeger> So, yes, needs to be done as part of PA setup.
13:35:14 <henne> okay lets go over these in the room parts
13:35:29 <AJaeger> next "cleaning, restroom services" -> location team will take it
13:35:47 <henne> so those 4 will do it?
13:35:50 <suseROCKs> I think some of these tasks  (Including PA planning) needs to be done by local volunteers.  And we should make clear on our list of tasks which ones require local-ness
13:35:58 <AJaeger> henne: We'll take care that it gets done.
13:36:23 <henne> ah okay
13:36:36 <AJaeger> make it "organize cleaning..."
13:36:47 <AJaeger> insurance: Have we have had that?
13:36:50 <henne> yep
13:36:52 <suseROCKs> You guys are going to clean up after me when I use the bathroom??   This could get interesting.
13:37:20 <AJaeger> henne: Assign it to me and I look into it.
13:37:24 <henne> okay
13:37:35 <AJaeger> Anything else generic?
13:37:36 <henne> AJaeger: ping michl
13:37:47 <AJaeger> henne: yeah, will do.
13:37:54 <suseROCKs> Michl is back?
13:37:59 <Dominian> Will there be a brothel?
13:38:02 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: We know where he lives ;)
13:38:09 <suseROCKs> lol
13:38:15 <AJaeger> Dominian: Please read the code of conduct.
13:38:20 <Dominian> AJaeger: :P
13:38:27 <AJaeger> #topic "Venue - Beergarden"
13:38:36 <henne> yeah lets continue
13:38:54 <AJaeger> sun shaed, waste bins -> location team will take care of it.
13:39:24 <henne> okay
13:39:32 <henne> what about toys? :)
13:39:46 <AJaeger> bring your own ;)
13:39:54 <henne> a football, a frisbee
13:40:00 <henne> stuff like that
13:40:02 <suseROCKs> beach balls?
13:40:25 <suseROCKs> always fun to bounce a beach ball around during a keynote speech
13:40:31 <AJaeger> not sure whether we can easily use them - the area is not that big. But write it up and the location team will figure out whether it's possible.
13:40:56 <henne> okay
13:40:57 <AJaeger> henne: Add water pistols to hand out during suseROCKs' sessions ;)
13:41:14 <AJaeger> #topic "Venue - Entry Area"
13:41:26 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   I actually was thinking about water pistols  :-)
13:41:35 <AJaeger> I would assign everything here to the location team.
13:41:43 <AJaeger> Question: Did we miss anything in the list?
13:42:16 <henne> we have lighting
13:42:23 <henne> do you want to buy more?
13:42:39 <AJaeger> henne: yes, some more - so change it to "Buy lightning and also bring existing ones" ;)
13:43:04 <AJaeger> henne, add to Venue (generic): REnt Van for setup and conference - assign to me.
13:43:06 <suseROCKs> is this a dark place?
13:43:21 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Nope - but it gets dark eventually ;)
13:43:39 <suseROCKs> That could be a problem for me... hmm
13:43:49 <suseROCKs> but worry about that later...
13:44:11 <henne> okay
13:44:24 <AJaeger> anything else for Entry Area?
13:44:43 <suseROCKs> Like banners, etc.?
13:44:55 <henne> yeah bring the banners
13:45:04 <henne> do we really want to buy flowers?
13:45:05 <AJaeger> Good: bring banners, erect banners from sponsors
13:45:17 <AJaeger> henne: plants not flowers
13:45:25 <AJaeger> my English gets rosty
13:45:26 <henne> do we really want to buy plants?
13:45:28 <henne> ;)
13:45:40 <AJaeger> yes, a few
13:45:47 <suseROCKs> rusty
13:45:48 <suseROCKs> :-)
13:46:03 <henne> heh
13:46:08 <suseROCKs> I'm not against plants.  I love em, but what is its relationship here?
13:46:22 <henne> Close with Zentrifigue separation walls?
13:46:25 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: We like to make the entry area look nice
13:46:26 <henne> whats that supposed to mean?
13:46:35 <AJaeger> separate off instead of close
13:46:48 <AJaeger> WE have to move the movable wall behind the entry area.
13:46:54 <henne> is that the task of building it up?
13:46:59 <AJaeger> yes.
13:47:04 <henne> ah. well
13:47:12 <henne> i don't think we have to go that deep ;)
13:47:31 <AJaeger> then add: Build everything up ;)
13:47:34 <henne> or should i also note down "drink water after moving the heavy wall" ;)
13:47:36 <suseROCKs> Sounds like you want a "Decoration Team"  :-)
13:47:49 <henne> the question is rather
13:47:55 <henne> who builds it up?
13:47:57 <suseROCKs> henne,   Bring truss for moving the heavy wall
13:48:18 <henne> the famous location team?
13:48:41 <AJaeger> henne: The famous team but with extra help.
13:48:48 <henne> or do we need to organize more people for saturday?
13:48:48 <AJaeger> We need to ask for some more volunteers.
13:48:56 <henne> okay then this is the task
13:49:04 <AJaeger> henne: I guess Friday
13:49:16 <henne> okay
13:49:19 <AJaeger> we'll figure it out ;)
13:49:25 <AJaeger> ok, onto the bar
13:49:26 <suseROCKs> Seriously, just create a "Decoration Team" to handle that and people will volunteer with their creative ideas
13:49:54 <henne> are you goind to do that AJaeger
13:49:56 <henne> ?
13:50:01 <henne> finding the volunteers
13:50:07 <AJaeger> give it to me on behalf of the location team.
13:50:12 <henne> k
13:50:22 <henne> i do that anyway if you say "loation team" ;)
13:50:46 <AJaeger> I'll later change some of these to the rest of the team
13:50:52 <henne> projector to produce daily schedule to the wall
13:51:03 <henne> is that still what we want?
13:51:18 <AJaeger> cwh, suseROCKs?
13:51:33 <henne> what about the BoFs?
13:51:33 <AJaeger> We can drop it - a proposol from the location team ;)
13:51:56 <suseROCKs> Personally I'd prefer several printed posters throughout the venue rather than a projector beaming the schedule  (hard to read)
13:52:01 <AJaeger> I agree with whoever wrote down the BoF schedule confusion story udner Registration desk.
13:52:29 <suseROCKs> but seems people are more in favor of pritned handouts of schedules based on yesterday's conversation
13:52:48 <henne> yeah i think so to
13:52:56 <henne> but we would need to produce posters
13:52:56 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: If we print schedules, we can also print a few larger ones. Henne, add the posters and let's remove teh projector
13:53:11 <henne> or can one blow up a A4 pdf to A3?
13:53:28 <AJaeger> henne: That'S what I would do - but let Robert figure it out.
13:53:49 <suseROCKs> Are we going to have daily handouts of changed schedules?
13:54:08 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: We decided yesterday that the team producing the handouts will decide this.
13:54:14 <henne> added
13:54:19 <suseROCKs> ok
13:54:36 <henne> anything else we could use in the entry area?
13:55:03 <henne> what about wardrobe?
13:55:04 <AJaeger> Bar and Registration task are part of entry area as well - but are the next two items.
13:55:32 <AJaeger> henne: We haven't planned for that one.
13:55:36 <suseROCKs> Can i ask... "Bar" means ??
13:55:44 <henne> suseROCKs: drinks and food
13:55:51 <suseROCKs> An actual bar for drinking?  Or a bar for refreshments throughout the conference?
13:56:04 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: For Old Toad and refreshments
13:56:08 <suseROCKs> henne,   Ok sounds like "Snack Bar" then ?
13:56:18 <henne> suseROCKs: yeah something like that
13:56:40 <henne> but still. what about wardrobe? :)
13:56:41 <suseROCKs> Mind renaming it as such just to reduce some confusion (language-wise)?
13:56:56 <henne> suseROCKs: done
13:57:01 <suseROCKs> henne,    Want me to have a wardrobe malfunction?
13:57:06 <AJaeger> Henne add for the location team: Check if wardrobe is possible and organize it.
13:57:27 <AJaeger> We'll evaluate;) ok?
13:57:32 <henne> k
13:57:46 * AJaeger needs to go in a phone call, will try to multitask.
13:57:57 <suseROCKs> ok  seriously,  wardrobe??  What's that about?
13:58:31 <henne> suseROCKs: a cloakroom, a garderobe, a coat rack
13:58:43 <suseROCKs> ohhhhh
13:58:53 <suseROCKs> man we have some major language differences today  :-)
13:59:11 <henne> what language do I speak?
13:59:14 <henne> ;)
13:59:24 <suseROCKs> here wardrobe would be a place where you go into a room to change into a different outfit or costume
13:59:51 <henne> hehe okay
14:00:01 <henne> so do we want to continue or do we want to stop now?
14:00:01 <suseROCKs> I kept wondering, what costumes are we wearing this year???
14:00:08 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Green ones ;)
14:00:20 <suseROCKs> Believe it or not, I'm actually bringing a costume  :-)
14:00:22 <henne> when will the CFP team start in here?
14:00:29 <suseROCKs> in about an hour
14:00:36 <AJaeger> so, shall we continue?
14:00:47 <suseROCKs> sure why not.  I got out of bed for this!
14:00:52 <henne> i can continue for another hour
14:01:06 <AJaeger> I'm in a phone call but can continue...
14:01:11 <AJaeger> ok, so let's continue.
14:01:12 <henne> okay
14:01:23 <suseROCKs> since we're talking rooms,  i have a side note.   I don't see any rooms mentioned for Press or Speakers
14:01:23 <AJaeger> #topic "Venue - Bar"
14:01:55 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: We never had that - we had last time a single table for press.
14:02:11 <henne> suseROCKs: its mentioned on the promo todo list
14:02:27 <henne> suseROCKs: in the media relations table
14:02:30 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: But I think we can do something. Henne, could you add under "generic": Organize press and speaker rooms.
14:02:49 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   We didn't really need a speakers room before because the speakers had the opportunity to just go upstairs to their room and relax and decompress before a session.    Now they don't have that "escape" room.
14:02:50 <henne> its already there, assigned to Jos
14:03:14 <henne> suseROCKs: they have the beergarden outside, the entry area with bar etc.
14:03:33 <suseROCKs> is that generally closed off?
14:03:48 <henne> closed off from whom?
14:04:06 <suseROCKs> a speaker room is meant to give speakers a chance to relax away from the crowds
14:04:11 <AJaeger> We have some single rooms that can be used for whatever purpose is needed.
14:04:13 <suseROCKs> so closed off from general access
14:04:24 <suseROCKs> ok
14:04:35 <henne> ok
14:04:42 <henne> lets continue with the bar
14:05:00 <AJaeger> henne: Write down to reserve one for these rooms as "Speakers room"
14:05:01 <henne> you want to build it out of the empty old toad cradles right?
14:05:08 <AJaeger> henne: Klaas wants
14:05:30 <AJaeger> henne: Assign the rest to Oliver Fecher
14:05:43 <henne> done
14:06:35 <henne> the butcher will bring the sandwich coolers
14:06:54 <AJaeger> foods and drinks and running the bar is part of the "Food and drinks topic"
14:07:22 <AJaeger> #topic Venue - Registration desk
14:07:33 <AJaeger> henne: remove the lanyards
14:07:51 <AJaeger> the BoF schedule: Will the cfp team discuss this?
14:07:53 <henne> there is the main task missing for the Bar topic
14:08:00 <henne> who will man it?
14:08:07 <AJaeger> foods and drinks and running the bar is part of the "Food and drinks topic"
14:08:32 <henne> that topic is inexistent :)
14:08:37 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   Sure
14:08:43 <henne> because we have the bar :)
14:08:58 <suseROCKs> non-existent
14:08:59 <AJaeger> henne: It was a topic of yesterday's agenda but didn't make it today's...
14:09:19 <henne> i got rid of it because this is only interesting for the Bar
14:09:25 <henne> we also had the idea to sell the stuff
14:09:34 <AJaeger> #undo
14:09:34 <bugbot> Removing item from minutes: <MeetBot.items.Topic object at 0x192cd10>
14:09:55 <henne> and finance free entertainment in the evening with that
14:10:02 <henne> so we need people to man the bar
14:10:10 <AJaeger> Ok, then let's handle the complete topic here.
14:10:15 <henne> yes please
14:10:45 <AJaeger> So, we need volunteers to run the snackbar and sell stuff.
14:10:51 <henne> yes
14:11:18 <henne> who is going to organize them?
14:11:31 <AJaeger> Ordering of stuff will be done by location team (prior to meeting) and the volunteers.
14:11:51 <AJaeger> henne: Write down drago and myself for organizing them.
14:11:52 <suseROCKs> sidebar....  do we have refrigeration capabilities on site or do we need to bring ice chests?
14:12:07 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: For what?
14:12:19 <suseROCKs> Cold beer  :-)
14:12:31 <AJaeger> Yes, we'll have drink fridges on the list.
14:12:35 <henne> suseROCKs: the butcher brings 2 ice chest
14:12:47 <henne> and we have to organize fridges for the drinks ourselves
14:12:53 <henne> i've noted it down
14:13:22 <AJaeger> henne: Add freeze for ice cream as well.
14:13:36 <henne> ice cream?
14:13:40 <suseROCKs> ooh  ice cream...   add extra for vuntz  :-)
14:13:54 <henne> where do we get ice-cream from? :)
14:13:55 <AJaeger> So, we'll have at the bar softdrinks, snacks, sandwiches and ice cream.
14:14:01 <AJaeger> henne: Olli Fecher
14:14:35 <henne> ok
14:15:16 <henne> anything else for the bar?
14:15:52 <AJaeger> As henne said we plan to sell the stuff easily and any profits will be used to buy some BBQ stuff to BBQ in the evening.
14:16:17 <AJaeger> easily-> cheaply.
14:16:34 <henne> lets move on :)
14:16:49 <AJaeger> #topic Venue - Registration desk
14:17:24 <AJaeger> what about the BoFs?
14:17:34 <suseROCKs> we'll discuss that at the CFP meeting
14:17:40 <henne> i think we should task the CFP team with it
14:18:12 <AJaeger> Check: http://news.opensuse.org/2011/06/14/opensuse-conference-and-rw-sessions-the-bof/
14:18:32 <AJaeger> It contains a section on "Scheduling the BoF's"
14:18:56 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: TAke that as input - and we might need to update teh news story then...
14:19:19 <henne> okay I note it down for them
14:19:28 <AJaeger> henne: Add Board for scheduling BoFs  to registration desk - just in case.
14:19:44 <suseROCKs> sure
14:19:46 <AJaeger> we need volunteers to run the registration desk.
14:20:12 <suseROCKs> FYI:  Alexia said she was planning to come to this year's conference.
14:20:24 <suseROCKs> but with increased attendance, I hope she's not left to do all the registration work  :-)
14:20:48 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Last time I mailed with her, she told me it's too close to Brainshare and she won't come.
14:21:01 <suseROCKs> ahh   changed of plans then  :-)
14:21:31 <henne> so we need to find volunteers
14:21:38 <AJaeger> So, task is to find volunteers to run the registration desk - give it to drago and myself.
14:21:38 <henne> who is going to do that? :)
14:22:06 <suseROCKs> we all will... through spreading the word and marketing etc.
14:22:22 <henne> what about promotion stuff like in the last years?
14:22:28 <henne> bags
14:22:32 <henne> sticers
14:22:37 <henne> t-shirts
14:22:49 <henne> do we want to hand out something like that?
14:23:04 <suseROCKs> well...   in past years we used Novell bags  (same one for both years)      Would be nice to have an actual openSUSE labeled bag, but that will cost more
14:23:05 <henne> or is all you get the program and your pin?
14:23:32 <AJaeger> and whatever our sponsors want to distribute...
14:23:49 <AJaeger> I'm all for some linen bags - but we have to check budget for those.
14:23:56 <suseROCKs> Seems we won't do tshirts this year, but we sshould definitely be ready to give out DVDs and stickers  (I know we're out of DVDs right now)
14:24:19 <AJaeger> We'll bring whatever goodies we have.
14:24:29 <AJaeger> I hope to bring some geekos - SUSE branded ones ;)
14:24:30 <AlanClark> with the registration desk - do we want/need to accept $$ for professional entry tickets?
14:24:45 <AJaeger> AlanClark: I hope we can handle that prior to the conference.
14:24:59 <henne> oh yeah
14:25:08 <henne> thats something I asked myself too
14:25:14 <AlanClark> if we can handle all that prior to the conference, why not setup the registration as a "self registration" desk
14:25:19 <henne> because currently there isn't even mentioned how to pay for them
14:25:24 <AJaeger> henne: Write as ai for JOs and myself: Organize goodies like T-Shirts, Geekos, stickers for participants.
14:25:26 <henne> and we already have one guy ordering one
14:25:28 <suseROCKs> well if we offer it, then we have to be prepared how to receive it (example credit card transactions)    I think this is going to complicate things
14:26:10 <henne> yeah
14:26:10 <suseROCKs> I honestly will find it surprising if we do get more than even 10 professional registrations
14:26:23 <AJaeger> henne: Write as AI for Jos and AlanClark: Handle money for professional registration before event!
14:26:54 <AJaeger> The self registration would work as well - but having a friendly face there that can answer questions is always good...
14:27:10 <henne> yeah
14:27:20 <henne> should also be the "help me" point
14:27:49 <AJaeger> henne: So, name it "registration and help desk";)
14:27:58 <suseROCKs> no
14:27:59 <henne> done
14:28:12 <suseROCKs> customer service or something like that.  Or people will go to help desk for technical support   :-)
14:28:31 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: You with your English ;-(
14:28:39 <suseROCKs> although....  a general tech support help desk wouldn't be a bad idea
14:29:11 <AJaeger> ok, aynthing else for the $X desk?
14:29:27 <henne> print the participant lists
14:29:47 <suseROCKs> To display or for the registration staff to reference?
14:29:59 <AJaeger> henne: do we need those - I thought we prepare the buttons?
14:30:38 <henne> dunno. that was more a question then anything else :)
14:30:50 <suseROCKs> That brings up another question.   Do we want our website to display who is registered to attend?   Some conferences do that and its kinda cool
14:31:04 <henne> there is no way to do it currently
14:31:09 <henne> so no
14:31:56 <henne> so lets move on shall we?
14:32:04 <AJaeger> henne: Add the particant lists print out just in case. WE can remove it again if we notice we don't need it;)
14:32:13 <AJaeger> #topic Venue - Main room
14:32:17 <suseROCKs> wait
14:32:32 <suseROCKs> do we want electronic capabilities at the reg desk or just paper wills uffice?
14:32:39 <suseROCKs> *suffice
14:32:47 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Just paper.
14:32:53 <henne> electronic capabilities for what?
14:33:06 <henne> we hand out pins and goodie bags
14:33:06 <suseROCKs> henne,   using a laptop to process registration pickups, etc.
14:33:08 <henne> thats all
14:33:39 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Not needed in the last two years - let's keep it simple
14:33:48 <henne> yeah I think so to
14:33:56 <suseROCKs> agreed.  Just asking the question just to cover all the bases  :-)
14:34:09 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Thanks for double checking
14:34:15 <AJaeger> ok, now continue with the main room.
14:34:32 <suseROCKs> Is the main room whatever room henne is currently in?
14:34:36 <AJaeger> cwh: Do you want to take over PA?
14:34:54 <AJaeger> henne: WE can remove session video recording, we have it above AFAIK
14:35:05 <cwh> AJaeger: I can do that
14:35:19 <cwh> however I need to know the budget for that
14:35:34 <suseROCKs> cwh,    14 Euros
14:35:41 <AJaeger> cwh: talk with klaas and me about the budget
14:35:46 <henne> cwh: get an offer? :)
14:35:58 <cwh> ok, I'll try to get an offer
14:35:59 <henne> we need a PA in the main room
14:36:08 <henne> and one in the ballroom
14:36:08 <AJaeger> and in the ballraum
14:36:26 <henne> the one in the main room needs to be able to handle speach and musik
14:36:34 <henne> and on in the ballroom only speach right?
14:36:40 <AJaeger> yeah
14:36:52 <suseROCKs> I'm sure I don't have to ask but just to be sure....   we have verified we'll have enough amps for the band in the ballroom?
14:37:18 <AJaeger> For main room I would say: 1 headset for speaker, two or three mobile microphones - and for ballroom one headset and one or two mobile mikes
14:37:28 <cwh> Is the band planned to play in the main or in the ballroom
14:37:29 <cwh> ?
14:37:37 <AJaeger> cwh: main room
14:37:39 <cwh> ok
14:37:50 <suseROCKs> ok that's confusing  :-D
14:37:58 <cwh> so we'll also need a kind of stage
14:38:06 <cwh> maybe also for the speakers
14:38:21 <henne> les stick to PA
14:38:25 <henne> and do stage next
14:38:26 <AJaeger> already noted - but if we have a band we might need to make it larger.
14:38:30 <henne> i have noted down:
14:38:35 <henne> Organize a PA
14:38:35 <henne> * Must handle both speech and music
14:38:35 <henne> * Wireless Headset for the speaker #
14:38:40 <cwh> thats somethin that can be included in the PA aoffer
14:38:45 <suseROCKs> quick question.   Main room seats how many people?
14:38:49 <henne> * 3 wireless microphones
14:39:03 <henne> suseROCKs: 200
14:39:29 <suseROCKs> ok so we will never be able to accommodate the entire attendance (if we get to 500)  correct?
14:40:23 <henne> i would really worry about something else right now
14:40:32 <henne> its nearly august and we have 45 registrations ;)
14:40:37 <suseROCKs> who said I was worried?
14:40:42 <suseROCKs> I was only asking for clarifications  :-)
14:41:39 <AJaeger> henne: 250 for main room AFAIR
14:42:18 <AJaeger> the other stuff under main room the location team will take care of. Did we miss anything?
14:42:34 <henne> yes the stage
14:42:51 <henne> should cwh organize that too?
14:42:55 <henne> there is nothing there right?
14:43:22 <AJaeger> there is nothing there. IF cwh wants to do it, let'S discuss together since we had some ideas - but I'm fine with him doing it ;)
14:43:32 <suseROCKs> cwh is right that sound systems providers often offer stages.  So we should see if we can get a good combined deal
14:43:47 <henne> yeah
14:43:54 <henne> AJaeger: what ideas?
14:44:12 <AJaeger> henne: We just discussed how to do it.
14:44:18 <suseROCKs> henne,   I think he wants fog machines etc on the stage
14:45:01 <henne> okay then I leave this unassigned now
14:45:05 * suseROCKs has a new white-cane dance routine that would go well with fog machines
14:45:45 <AJaeger> ok, then move on to Seminar rooms?
14:46:02 <henne> no
14:46:07 <suseROCKs> !conference
14:46:07 <henne> whats with the projector?
14:46:08 <SUSEhelp> Registration for the openSUSE Conference is now open.  Don't just stand there, run to your nearest travel site and start making travel plans!  For more information, visit http://conference.opensuse.org.  openSUSE Conference 2011 will be in Nuremberg, Germany September 11-14, 2011
14:46:31 <henne> thats also something christopher might organize in one go
14:46:54 <AJaeger> henne: give it to him if he raises his arm ;)
14:47:12 <AJaeger> this needs to be a powerful one for a large room
14:47:13 <suseROCKs> oh... that means we also need sccreens, right?
14:47:31 <AJaeger> yeah - klaas wanted to build something.
14:47:47 <suseROCKs> and for main room, we'd want two instead of just one, right?
14:48:21 <suseROCKs> we used two in last few years, right?  (tries to remember)
14:48:27 <cwh> henne: ok, I'll ask
14:48:36 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Just one.
14:48:41 <henne> okay cwh tries to get a package for everything
14:48:52 <suseROCKs> hmm  my memory surely plays tricks on me.  :-)
14:49:06 <henne> anyhing else for the main room?
14:49:20 <dragotin> hey
14:49:28 <AJaeger> dragotin: WElcome! How are you?
14:49:38 <dragotin> AJaeger: improving
14:49:57 <suseROCKs> hmm  we have 12 minutes until next conf meeting  :-)
14:50:00 <AJaeger> dragotin: Henne gave all action items where I said "location team" to me - so we have to sort some out later...
14:50:12 <AJaeger> dragotin: Get well soon!
14:50:18 <henne> anyhing else for the main room?
14:50:28 <AJaeger> #topic "Venue - seminar rooms"
14:50:32 <suseROCKs> smart not to tell dragotin right away that he was assigned restroom duty  :-)
14:51:23 * cartman pets dragotin
14:51:33 <AJaeger> do we need anything else besides projectors (we use the SUSE ones), screens (need to be order - perhaps cwh can get them), flipcharts (from SUSE) - and chairs, table?
14:52:01 <suseROCKs> we're not worried about sound for the session rooms, right?
14:52:11 <henne> no
14:52:24 <dragotin> we use the SUSE Projectors for the main room?
14:52:29 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: only for the ball room
14:52:46 <suseROCKs> do we want to replenish rooms with water?
14:52:50 <AJaeger> dragotin: That's an option to persue as well.
14:53:00 <suseROCKs> and someone to quickly scan the room between sessions to remove any trash?
14:53:06 <henne> argh
14:53:23 <henne> should cwh get a offer for a package now or not?
14:53:27 <henne> the time for options is over
14:53:42 <henne> we decide now what to pursue
14:53:49 <dragotin> sounds like the answer is yes than ;)
14:53:50 <henne> we can worry about options if something doesnt work out
14:53:53 <AJaeger> henne: Let him go for it.
14:54:02 <henne> good
14:54:12 <henne> so we organize 4 SUSE projectors
14:54:15 <henne> who?
14:54:16 <suseROCKs> thought we were in consensus to let cwh handle this.   No arrghing needed  :-)
14:54:30 <AJaeger> olver fecher
14:54:48 <dragotin> AJaeger: +1
14:55:00 <henne> do we really need screens?
14:55:11 <dragotin> henne: mainroom: yes
14:55:12 <henne> what type of walls are there?
14:55:20 <henne> dragotin: we're off the main room topic
14:55:28 <dragotin> ah ok
14:55:28 <suseROCKs> even on a white wall, a screen offers a way better background than a white wall
14:55:37 <henne> yes sure
14:55:42 <henne> but they also cost money
14:55:57 <dragotin> we should try to get some if possible
14:56:00 <henne> okay
14:56:02 <AJaeger> for ballroom we project against the wall - but for the others we shoudl get them
14:56:09 <AlanClark> Do the seminar rooms have white boards?
14:56:19 <dragotin> no white boards
14:56:29 * mrdocs waves after 2 days of no internet at home
14:56:30 <AJaeger> AlanClark: I suggest to add flipcharts (With paper) for each
14:56:35 <AlanClark> so we need flipcharts
14:56:44 <AJaeger> AlanClark: Already noted ;)
14:56:53 <AJaeger> AlanClark: Thanks for double checking. Anything else?
14:57:05 <suseROCKs> Yes,   Do we need Vanna Whites for chart flipping?
14:57:06 <AJaeger> AlanClark: Just have in mind this is not a conference location, so ask ;)
14:57:06 <AlanClark> to bad we could have projected against whiteboards
14:57:09 <henne> who is going to organize flipcharts?
14:57:16 <dragotin> henne: Oli Fecher
14:57:25 <AJaeger> henne: I guess I typed to fast - lcoatin team, so make it oli
14:57:31 <AlanClark> flipcharts for BoFs to write on
14:57:55 <suseROCKs> AlanClark,   Wherever possible, we should be using laptops and projecting our notes onto the screen.
14:58:05 <suseROCKs> Especially for  BoFs where extreme notetaking is important
14:58:06 <henne> okay anyhing else for the seminar rooms?
14:58:29 <dragotin> paper or textile for some windows is needed
14:58:32 <dragotin> to darken them
14:58:38 <dragotin> AI for Robert
14:58:40 <dragotin> pls
14:58:40 <suseROCKs> henne,   yes.  I asked earlier if we need someone to replenish the room with water, etc.  and do quick walkthrough between sessions to pick up trash
14:58:43 <AJaeger> for the ball room - already noted
14:58:45 <AlanClark> using laptop for BoFs notes are good, we need to be sure to note that to the BoF organizers
14:58:46 <henne> that I have under the ballroom topic
14:58:56 <henne> is the paper needed for all rooms?
14:59:03 <henne> ballroom and seminar rooms?
14:59:05 <dragotin> hmmm, not sure
14:59:05 <AJaeger> henne: Only for ballroom
14:59:14 <henne> okay
14:59:39 <AJaeger> Henne: Add rubbish bins
14:59:40 <henne> alright. anything else for the main room?
15:00:04 <suseROCKs> so we don't want to stock the session rooms with water,  right?
15:00:13 <henne> nah
15:00:24 <henne> there is the bar. people can get stuff from there
15:00:31 <AJaeger> WE have to stop the meeting now - the cfp team meets.
15:00:36 <suseROCKs> just asking
15:00:45 <AJaeger> Shall we continue on Monday? I'm on FTO the rest of the week without internet...
15:00:45 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   how much left to discuss in this meeting?
15:00:46 <dragotin> water for the speakers, yes
15:00:59 <dragotin> duty of the session chair I would say
15:01:10 <suseROCKs> dragotin,    we asked earlier for a speakers room.  So that room should be stocked, for sure  :-)
15:01:16 <AJaeger> social events is an important topic.
15:01:23 <AJaeger> hotel is mainyl done
15:01:27 <suseROCKs> hmm
15:01:35 <AJaeger> Those were the two next ones.
15:01:38 <suseROCKs> yeah I guess we need to do it another day.    I won't be around til next Wed
15:02:00 <henne> okay so we continue on monday?
15:02:01 <suseROCKs> oh btw,   I agree with (was it Dragotin who mentioned this earlier) taht we seriously need to give some immediate love to conference.o.o
15:02:02 <henne> when?
15:02:08 <AJaeger> henne: Yes, please.
15:02:15 <henne> i have another meeting at 15:00 CEST
15:02:23 <AJaeger> 16:00 to 17:00?
15:02:26 <henne> okay
15:02:27 <AJaeger> or before?
15:02:28 <henne> for me
15:02:30 <dragotin> okay
15:02:52 <henne> suseROCKs, AlanClark?
15:02:57 <suseROCKs> I won't be present, and neither will AlanClark  for that matter
15:03:00 <AJaeger> 16:00 means 14:00 UTC
15:03:10 <suseROCKs> Monday
15:03:24 <AJaeger> Let'S still do it to move forward - ok?
15:03:33 <henne> fine with me
15:03:35 <suseROCKs> yeah  you don't need me for most of this stuff
15:04:05 <AJaeger> then thanks to everybody that participated!
15:04:08 <AJaeger> #endmeeting