14:30:22 <AJaeger> #startmeeting openSUSE conference planning meeting
14:30:22 <bugbot> Meeting started Tue Jul 19 14:30:22 2011 UTC.  The chair is AJaeger. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
14:30:22 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
14:31:19 <AJaeger> Who's here to discuss the conference? I'd like to ask around who's awake ;)
14:31:30 * AlanClark is awake
14:31:44 * coolo is awake but has no idea about the conference up to now
14:31:53 <GnuOwned> AJaeger Me!
14:32:03 <izabelvalverde> I'm here
14:32:38 <henne> here
14:32:40 * vuntz is here but not awake ;-)
14:33:05 <digitltom> i'm also there
14:33:06 <AJaeger> henne: Will dragotin join us? He's not online
14:33:20 <henne> dragotin will come a little later
14:33:21 <coolo> he's doing bee things
14:33:26 <henne> he's heading home currently
14:33:34 <henne> jos wont make it
14:33:58 * cwh waves
14:34:02 <AJaeger> Ok, then welcome everybody! Thanks for the raising of hands!
14:34:15 <AJaeger> The goal of this meeting is to sync all of us on what's planned for
14:34:17 <AJaeger> the openSUSE conference and where we are at.
14:34:31 <AJaeger> I've put up an agenda at http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_meeting.
14:34:32 <henne> so we can deduct what we still need to do :)
14:34:47 <AJaeger> For each topic, let's discuss what's planned, who's responsible and
14:34:49 <AJaeger> where help is needed.
14:34:59 <AJaeger> Let's first discuss who wants to chair with me (just speak up) and how
14:35:00 <AJaeger> to record everything.
14:35:00 * henne a.k.a. no shit sherlock
14:35:16 <AJaeger> Should we have an etherpad and move the contents from their later to
14:35:17 <AJaeger> the wiki? Or should we edit the wiki directly? Shall we do it in
14:35:18 <henne> chair?
14:35:18 <AJaeger> parallel to the meeting - and who will?
14:35:34 <AJaeger> henne: I use the meeting bot ;)
14:35:52 <henne> then do it :)
14:35:54 <AJaeger> So, if anybody wants to issue #action items, speak up and I make you chair for this meeting
14:36:05 <AJaeger> #chair henne
14:36:05 <bugbot> Current chairs: AJaeger henne
14:36:13 <henne> lets record directly on the wiki please
14:36:24 <henne> i see no point in using something in between
14:36:52 <AJaeger> etherpad has the advantage that people see what's getting typed - wiki is less overhead.
14:37:03 <henne> less overhead please
14:37:09 <AJaeger> Who volunteers to update the wiki?
14:37:10 <henne> this will be messy as it is :)
14:37:16 * henne volunteers
14:37:23 <AJaeger> henne: Thanks a lot!
14:37:36 <AlanClark> just save the page every couple minutes, then all can simply refresh
14:37:57 <henne> no need to track it. I record
14:37:59 <henne> not invent
14:38:02 <henne> we invent here :)
14:38:29 <AJaeger> Ok, let's start:
14:38:44 <AJaeger> Here's the agenda - please tell me whether I missed anything:
14:38:55 <AJaeger> Web presence (Wiki, Indigo)
14:38:57 <AJaeger> Promotion
14:38:58 <AJaeger> Conference Program
14:39:00 <AJaeger> Budget
14:39:01 <AJaeger> Sponsoring
14:39:03 <AJaeger> Travel sponsoring
14:39:04 <AJaeger> Venue
14:39:06 <AJaeger> Location
14:39:07 <AJaeger> Technique
14:39:09 <AJaeger> Food and drinks
14:39:10 <AJaeger> Party - BBQ Evening
14:39:12 <AJaeger> Hotels and Hostels
14:39:13 <AJaeger> Supporting Program
14:39:15 <AJaeger> Registration Desk
14:39:16 <AJaeger> Internet
14:39:48 <henne> i bet we'll notice what missing once we start talking ;)
14:39:51 <AJaeger> nothing missing for now? If we notice later, we can enhance ;)
14:40:05 <AJaeger> #topic Web Presence
14:40:24 <AJaeger> We have two areas here: The wiki and indigo.
14:41:03 <AJaeger> Status of wiki: Many pages (follow Portal:Conference and Category:Conference) have been updated, others are missing. We should review all of them...
14:41:07 <henne> the first question that comes to my mind is: do we want to stay with the wiki for the web-marketing-part?
14:41:31 <AJaeger> what do you mean with web-marketing part?
14:41:41 <AlanClark> henne, what's the alternative?
14:41:48 <henne> well. the conference web-page
14:42:02 <AJaeger> henne: You mean have the Portal:Conference in the wiki or not?
14:42:18 <henne> the point people go in the web if they want to know something for the conference
14:42:28 <henne> the wiki exposes a lot of other stuff to them
14:42:59 <AJaeger> conference.opensuse.org redirects right now to http://en.opensuse.org/Portal:Conference
14:43:01 <henne> AlanClark: a webpage not in the wiki. in previous years we used wordpress or whatever
14:43:20 <AJaeger> henne: Last year it was the wiki as well - personally, I don't care.
14:43:22 <vuntz> last year, we used the wiki too, iirc
14:43:28 <henne> yep
14:43:46 <AJaeger> The question is who wants to drive this - and if that person/team has a preference?
14:44:02 * vuntz tends to prefer a real web page, not on the wiki, but won't drive that
14:44:31 <henne> i prefer a real page too
14:44:41 <AlanClark> question - when we have the program layed out - will that be located in indigo - meaning we have conference information located in the wiki and indigo?
14:45:05 <AJaeger> AlanClark: Yes, both wiki and indigo
14:46:17 <henne> so who is doing something in that area right now?
14:46:54 <henne> judging from the wiki histories only jos
14:47:02 <AJaeger> Some people updated pages, incl. cwh, dragotin, myself.
14:47:19 <AJaeger> Might be that Jos was the main editor of the Portal page.
14:47:59 <henne> well thats what this topic is about right? :)
14:48:05 <henne> the web presence
14:48:54 <AJaeger> Is anybody volunteering or should we volunteer Jos? ;)
14:49:11 <henne> i can do the web-presence part
14:49:38 <AJaeger> henne: Thanks! Do you need further help?
14:49:50 <AJaeger> #info henne owns the web-presence part
14:50:04 <henne> nope currently not
14:50:16 <henne> i'll go the wordpress route and kick individual people
14:50:32 <AJaeger> and review existing pages, please
14:50:41 <henne> sure
14:50:42 <AJaeger> ok, then on to Indigo.
14:51:07 <AJaeger> It's used for the conference program - dragotin adminstrates the server, a couple of us have access to the admin interface.
14:51:23 <henne> whos a couple of us?
14:51:41 <AlanClark> all on the paper committee
14:52:02 <AJaeger> henne: I don't have the full list of admins but I guess the cfp committee and myself
14:52:43 <AJaeger> indico is also used for registration of users. I ask everybody to sign up so that we know for how many people to cook ;)
14:53:31 <AJaeger> I expect the usage of Indico as part of the cfp team is part of tomorrow's meeting.
14:53:35 <henne> hm i think it would be great to know who can/should do what in indico
14:53:51 <henne> apart from the CFP team i mean
14:54:06 <AJaeger> henne: We have to ask dragotin.
14:54:07 * vuntz is trying to find where this info is in indico :-)
14:54:12 <henne> i see 3 admins in indico
14:54:21 <henne> dragoting, vuntz and myself
14:54:54 <suseROCKs> Hi folks
14:54:57 <vuntz> henne: but that's for the whole instance, not for the event
14:55:15 <henne> ah okay
14:55:44 <vuntz> at least, that's my understanding
14:56:23 <AJaeger> AFAIU the cfp team should be able to adminstrate the 2011 event.
14:56:33 <henne> okay then lets bump this topic down until dragotin is here
14:56:48 <henne> next topic
14:57:17 <AJaeger> #topic Promotion
14:57:45 <henne> can you explain that one? :)
14:57:52 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Is the marketing team owning promotion - or is that Jos?
14:58:28 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   its a general purpose mainly held by the marketing team   I created a page a while ago  but not many people volunteered the tasks
14:58:29 <AJaeger> Promotion includes for me: Media partnerships (we have one with Linux magazine, LWN is under discussion) and general promotion of the event through blogs etc
14:58:38 <dragotin> hi
14:58:42 <dragotin> sorry for being late
14:58:46 <henne> thats hardly actionable
14:58:48 <vuntz> ah, I have the list: yaloki, AlanClark, AJaeger, rlihm, michael matz, jos, wstephenson and me
14:58:54 <suseROCKs> I expect to see increased promotion activities once we have more concrete info about the conference itself, including CFPs and etc.
14:59:05 <henne> lets please make this a list of actionable things
14:59:11 <henne> not some high level topics
14:59:19 <henne> we have 2 months left. not two years ;)
14:59:45 <henne> you said media partnerships
14:59:49 <henne> what does that mean?
14:59:56 <suseROCKs> less than 2 months
15:00:02 <henne> getting them?
15:00:09 <henne> caring for them?
15:00:28 <dragotin> it means that we mention the partnership on our website and they report
15:00:30 <AJaeger> With Linux Magazin it means for us: Placing (for free) and ad in their magazines, writing about the event.
15:00:31 <dragotin> AFAIK
15:00:44 <dragotin> yes, and put free ads
15:00:56 <henne> okay and what are the actionable things for us?
15:01:05 <AJaeger> dragotin: Also, it means that we mention the partnership and - if we have some - put magazines in the bags.
15:01:12 <AJaeger> henne: For Linux Magazine: Right now nothing.
15:01:23 <dragotin> AJaeger: yes
15:01:34 <AJaeger> henne: Action for LWN is for Jos: Clarify status, get it rolling.
15:01:37 <dragotin> maybe would it be actionable to define the Media Partnership :)
15:01:37 <henne> okay so this is taken care of?
15:02:00 <AJaeger> dragotin: Yes, agreed, documenting what media partnership exactly is.
15:02:03 <suseROCKs> Jos is pretty much on top of it afaik
15:02:17 <AJaeger> So, that's the media partnerships - owned by Jos.
15:02:22 <henne> so actionable item for media partnership
15:02:28 <dragotin> the thing is: Does that still contribute to the conference 2011
15:02:28 <henne> clarify status with LWN
15:02:33 <dragotin> and I fear: no.
15:02:45 <dragotin> yes for clearifying status
15:03:07 <AJaeger> and also as item: Document what media partnership means
15:03:25 <henne> why?
15:03:43 <AJaeger> So, that we all know what it contains and why it's good
15:03:55 <dragotin> It is what the one who clearifies the status negotiates with LWN
15:04:14 <dragotin> AJaeger: agreed for 2012, but now its not prio 1
15:04:35 <AJaeger> dragotin: document is a sentence IMO.
15:04:36 <henne> yeah this sounds like something we don't have to do now
15:05:22 <henne> anyway. i note it down
15:05:30 <AJaeger> Rest of promotion: We need to invite people to join the confernce, so market the event. And the call for papers is open.
15:05:33 <dragotin> AJaeger: yes, might be. But still prio 2 IMO.
15:05:47 <henne> actionable
15:05:58 <AJaeger> Jos has written quite some articles.
15:06:05 <henne> something actionable includes the how BTW ;)
15:06:07 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: What kind of actions do we have for promotion?
15:07:22 <AJaeger> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_Promotion_2011 contains a lot of items.
15:07:23 <henne> obviously blog posts on news.o.o are the main thing right?
15:07:36 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   atm, its sort of a blend  that involves CFP, online marketing, articles, and sponsorships
15:07:36 <AJaeger> henne: So far
15:07:53 <suseROCKs> henne,   that's one of the things yes.    We also need people to reach out and tell people to come to the conference
15:08:02 <dragotin> what about the actionable item: "Make sure to have an news article once a week"
15:08:07 <suseROCKs> However, that will be much easier to do once we have a better idea of what we will have actually at the conference
15:08:15 <dragotin> about the conference
15:08:23 <henne> this is actionable stuff
15:08:28 <henne> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_Promotion_2011
15:08:38 <henne> this is what we are looking for today
15:08:55 <suseROCKs> dragotin,  sure.  and jos and I have done what we can to write as mucha s we can.  but we can't post hollow articles either.  So we need more meat from other parts of conf planning before we can write a heck of a lot more
15:09:04 <henne> so lets talk about that page then
15:09:16 <dragotin> suseROCKs: I see
15:09:50 <henne> can we go over that page now and talk about the items?
15:09:54 <suseROCKs> dragotin,  I expect in a week's time we'll really blitz very well
15:10:18 <suseROCKs> dragotin,   don't forget to send the email to the CFP team about how to navigate in indico  cuz that will help speed things up
15:10:58 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Could you update the page?
15:11:12 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   sure  I'll go through it today
15:11:28 <AJaeger> I think the next big part is the part called "Registration/Invitation Drive" - and that needs partially the program.
15:12:31 <dragotin> I mean, at least for PC members, the program is not so secret
15:12:32 <AJaeger> I see many good ideas there - but miss people to execute them. How can we get more people?
15:12:59 <suseROCKs> PC?
15:13:05 <dragotin> Program Committee
15:13:14 <suseROCKs> Politcally Coorect Members?  :-)
15:14:20 <izabelvalverde> AJaeger what is invitation drive?
15:14:27 <dragotin> what is "Registration/Invitation drive" btw?
15:14:33 <dragotin> sorry if the question is dumb
15:14:41 <dragotin> izabelvalverde: ah :-)
15:14:46 <suseROCKs> Encouraging people to come to the conference
15:14:52 <dragotin> ok
15:14:57 <henne> please people
15:15:07 <henne> can we go over the page openSUSE:Conference_Promotion_2011
15:15:12 <henne> step by step
15:15:19 <henne> instead of discussing random topics?
15:15:42 <dragotin> henne: we missed you for the last 5 minutes ;-)
15:15:48 <AJaeger> Ok, let's go :" Social Networks"
15:15:55 <izabelvalverde> sorry henne
15:15:58 <AJaeger> Facebook event page created?
15:16:03 <izabelvalverde> ahh dragotin ;-)
15:16:28 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: ?
15:16:30 <suseROCKs> long ago and amply advertised to the communityt to get involved in that event page
15:16:49 <AJaeger> "Facebook Pages and Groups " ?
15:16:58 <suseROCKs> we also post news articles there as well
15:17:13 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   yes  whenever we have news articles, I post to any openSUSE pages or groups on FB
15:17:18 <warlordfff> do we did anything at google + ?
15:17:18 <henne> okay cool
15:17:29 <AJaeger> "Twitter"? Could use some more help - anybody interested in joining?
15:17:49 <suseROCKs> warlordfff,   no   google+ did not exist  therre at the time.  And by the way,  your google+ account keeps spamming  me :-)
15:17:50 <henne> doing what?
15:17:51 <AJaeger> warlordfff: Currently not allowed by Google to create an "openSUSE account" - so individuals have to do it.
15:18:22 <henne> AJaeger: doing what for twitter?
15:18:30 <henne> sending stuff?
15:18:34 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,     I can't read cotweet (crappy design for low-vision users)  so we need volunteers.  But Chuck is AWOL these days to do that.
15:18:37 <warlordfff> AJaeger: forgot to get you out
15:18:44 <warlordfff> will do it now
15:18:52 <AJaeger> henne: sending stuff about the conference, cleaning up the list of speakers for the conf account
15:19:10 <dragotin> AI for everybody, no?
15:19:23 <henne> not everybody can send as @openSUSE
15:19:32 <AJaeger> So, let me take the twitter AI - and whoever wants to help, talk with me.
15:19:33 <dragotin> I see
15:19:43 <AJaeger> I can sign people up for @openSUSE and @openSUSEconf
15:19:47 <henne> AJaeger: i'll help there
15:19:59 <suseROCKs> dragotin,   people have to intervace @opensuse via cotweet   not directly.
15:20:12 <dragotin> k, I am too old
15:20:12 <AJaeger> henne: Thanks. I'll set you up tomorrow.
15:20:17 <henne> okay
15:20:29 <suseROCKs> thanks henne
15:20:52 <henne> next topic
15:21:20 <AJaeger> "Twitter International groups "
15:21:39 <AJaeger> We have that list - but need to talk with the guys.
15:21:56 <AJaeger> Give me that AI to contact them and ask them to promote the conference.
15:22:00 <warlordfff> mmm "Twitter International groups "?
15:22:04 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,    ok  can you and I work on that today or tomorrow?  I didn't kno wyou had that list
15:22:05 <henne> who has that list?
15:22:07 <AJaeger> @opensuse_el
15:22:14 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: It's in the wiki ;)
15:22:25 <suseROCKs> (sighs)
15:22:44 <AJaeger> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Social_media_contacts
15:23:01 <suseROCKs> warlordfff,   there's many openSUSE groups/twitters/etc. around the world and in different langauges that we don't control but are important part of our community
15:23:16 <henne> so who is going to contact them?
15:23:29 <AJaeger> henne: me
15:23:35 <henne> okay wunderful
15:23:48 <suseROCKs> not wunderbar?  :-)
15:23:58 <AJaeger> "Identi.ca"?
15:24:04 <warlordfff> ok so I will find someone to do that for the Greeks at tonights meeting ;-)
15:24:10 <AJaeger> warlordfff: Thanks!
15:24:41 <AJaeger> Anybody handling "Identi.ca"?
15:24:52 <henne> isn't Identi.ca just a relay of the tweets?
15:25:06 <suseROCKs> yes  so we don't have to worry about that much anymore
15:25:14 <AJaeger> henne: it only gets the news.o.o articles
15:25:21 <AJaeger> but no manual tweets
15:25:23 <suseROCKs> not the actual tweets?
15:25:32 <henne> so lets set that up
15:25:35 <AJaeger> dents about news.o.o articles
15:25:37 <suseROCKs> hmm   it does for my @bryeny tweets.   we should have set that up
15:25:48 <henne> who has access to that?
15:26:05 * AJaeger has access - and can give the passsword for whoever wants to do it ;)
15:26:40 <henne> anyone?
15:26:53 <henne> setup a relay of tweets to identi.ca
15:26:58 <AJaeger> I could do it myself but currently don't know how. There's only a way fro mIdenti.ca -> Twitter but I'm not aware of the other direction
15:27:17 <warlordfff> well I will do that in Gr- el tweets
15:27:41 <warlordfff> we have twitter and Iddentica linked
15:27:55 <AJaeger> warlordfff: Then tell me via email how you do it.
15:28:29 <AJaeger> henne: I do it if somebody tells me how - so make it an open AI to work with me on that one.
15:28:42 <henne> http://snowulf.com/2010/05/20/twitter-to-identi-ca-gateway/
15:28:48 <henne> 3rd hit in google
15:29:00 <henne> :)
15:29:12 <suseROCKs> if it was 2nd hit, we would have known about it  :-)
15:29:24 <warlordfff> AJaeger:  I ill put the guy who will finally do it to mail you the way
15:29:27 <AJaeger> henne: good, I should google more often.
15:29:33 <AJaeger> ok, then I take the ai.
15:29:43 <AJaeger> next topic "LinkedIn"
15:29:43 <henne> okay next thign
15:30:12 <suseROCKs> Also somehting we're going to have to take back form Chuck.  Are there any LinkedIn experts here?
15:30:24 <AJaeger> We currently have nobody handling that one - marketing team needs a volunteer.
15:30:54 <AJaeger> nobody? then mark it as open
15:30:57 <henne> okay
15:31:06 <AJaeger> Next: "News.o.o Editorial Schedule " - Jos driving, seems to work
15:31:06 <AlanClark> I can take on linkedin
15:31:15 <AJaeger> AlanClark: my hero ;)
15:31:28 <AJaeger> AlanClark: I make you admin of the group if you're not.
15:31:42 * suseROCKs raises a flag to AlanClark!
15:31:53 <AlanClark> AJaeger - you will need to make me admin
15:31:53 <suseROCKs> Hip Hip Hooray!  LinkedIn is saved!
15:32:15 * AJaeger noted the personal ai to empower AlanClark
15:32:22 <AJaeger> Next "Recruit News.o.owriters "
15:32:40 <suseROCKs> that's an ongoing and never fully trimphed task  :-)
15:32:43 <henne> this is something to neglect IMHO
15:32:52 <henne> we need to write. not find writers
15:32:53 <AJaeger> I agree, next one: "Podcasts"
15:32:57 <henne> the event is in 2 months :)
15:33:06 <AJaeger> nobody volunteered - should we do it?
15:33:07 <suseROCKs> henne,   that's an oxymoron  :-)
15:33:12 <AJaeger> anybody asked Sascha?
15:33:32 <henne> suseROCKs: meaning we have to put to work what we got
15:34:10 <henne> saigkill: ping
15:34:34 <suseROCKs> again, as said earlier,  we can write more... when there's more info to write about
15:34:59 <AJaeger> "Speaker Blogs " - once we have speakers announced
15:35:07 <suseROCKs> correct
15:35:25 <AJaeger> "Video Advertisement" - any volunteers to do this once we have speakers?
15:35:28 <saigkill> yeah?
15:35:47 <saigkill> Oops forgotten the meeting. sorry
15:35:59 <AJaeger> saigkill: Will you do podcasts about osc11?
15:36:14 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   JDD is interested in making some videos (commercials) but we need more info as well.
15:36:18 <AJaeger> To invite people to come... - so interview speakers.
15:36:25 <saigkill> Not planned. But i planned to make a workshop about podcasting
15:36:30 <henne> saigkill: info about what?
15:36:40 <warlordfff> idea
15:36:48 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Then make it explicit that JDD signed up.
15:36:55 <warlordfff> what about making  an international video?
15:37:07 <warlordfff> like we did the other time
15:37:08 <warlordfff> ?
15:37:16 <suseROCKs> warlordfff,    let's not discuss nuts and bolts here...  let's just focus on tasks
15:37:29 <warlordfff> with many people calling people in different langouages?
15:37:29 <AJaeger> warlordfff: Please talk with jdd - good idea.
15:37:35 <warlordfff> ok
15:37:44 <warlordfff> will send him an e-mail now
15:37:49 <AJaeger> "Photos": - let's do later.
15:38:13 <AJaeger> "Artwork Organization " -> I think this is ok so far
15:38:26 <AJaeger> "Web Banners" - do we have some now?
15:38:42 <suseROCKs> I'm not sure
15:38:52 <AJaeger> rlihm and javier are not around ;-(
15:38:57 <suseROCKs> we should make that a high priority though, yes.  I'll mark that and bug the artwork team about it
15:38:57 <henne> what do we do flickr later?
15:39:05 <henne> why do we do flickr later?
15:39:29 <AJaeger> henne: Do you consider it urgent?
15:39:35 <henne> yes
15:39:43 <dragotin> gimme the AI for the webbanners
15:39:51 <dragotin> I'll check
15:39:54 <AJaeger> henne: But you're right, we should say who will do it  so make it an open AI unless somebody volunteers.
15:40:10 <AJaeger> dragotin: Could you check the whole Artwork issue with rlihm and javier?
15:40:13 <henne> we need photos from the venue. badly
15:40:26 <dragotin> hmm
15:40:30 <henne> please lets not move whole "blocks" of tasks around
15:40:35 <dragotin> AJaeger: ok
15:40:40 <suseROCKs> henne,   yes    That will be very useful for our pormotion stuff
15:40:44 <henne> we need to check that everything is going smoothly
15:40:52 <AJaeger> ok, I slow down ;)
15:41:03 <henne> we are here to sync
15:41:07 <AJaeger> Back to photos...
15:41:20 <suseROCKs> brb
15:41:23 * AJaeger will take a camera to Zentrifuge on the next visit.
15:41:49 <AJaeger> and publish them.
15:42:03 <dragotin> olli fecher might have some
15:42:05 <henne> on flickr please
15:42:14 <dragotin> and there are some on the zentrifuge page AFAIR
15:42:23 <henne> lets take our own
15:42:26 <AJaeger> henne: sure on flickr
15:42:28 <henne> and put them up to flickr
15:42:31 <henne> so they are CC
15:42:35 <AJaeger> yep
15:42:56 <AJaeger> So, that means I guess I also won the flicker osc11 group setup ;)
15:43:22 <AJaeger> anything else on photo?
15:43:49 <AJaeger> then we can move forward to "Countdown Banner" - correct?
15:44:08 <henne> AJaeger: http://www.flickr.com/groups/1691008@N25/
15:44:36 <AJaeger> henne: thanks - let's add a link to the osc11 pages about the group.
15:44:45 <suseROCKs> on a somewhat related note since someone will get photos of the venue... is it possible for someone to do a video walkthrough of the place?
15:45:01 <suseROCKs> that will help for our video promotion.  Just shoot some raw footage and I'll edit it.
15:45:18 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: I'm not sure this is really usefull...
15:45:43 <warlordfff> guys  i got to go, I have a Greek meting in 15 minutes, will read the log for more...
15:46:09 <henne> AJaeger: why not?
15:46:25 <suseROCKs> I think it would be
15:46:31 <suseROCKs> warlordfff,   take care
15:46:37 <henne> any volunteers?
15:46:49 <AJaeger> I'm not a video guy - I just know that the location will look different for the conference...
15:46:53 <henne> i can shoot stuff with my phone
15:47:06 <henne> suseROCKs: would that be sufficient?
15:47:22 <suseROCKs> henne,   if that's the best equipment you have, then that's what we'll live with  :-)
15:47:25 <cartman> unless you have shaky hands should be OK
15:47:30 <henne> okay
15:48:03 <AJaeger> then we can move forward to "Countdown Banner" - correct?
15:48:19 <suseROCKs> countdown banner and web banner should be in one task I guess
15:48:25 <henne> yes
15:48:48 <suseROCKs> and we need someone to insert it into countdown.o.o.   Who can do that?  yaloki?
15:49:33 <henne> its on community.o.o. well manage
15:49:37 <suseROCKs> yaloki is pretty busy.  Do we have people besides yaloki who can handle c.o.o?
15:49:47 <henne> klaas and robert can
15:49:53 <suseROCKs> ok great
15:50:04 <dragotin> what can I?
15:50:12 <suseROCKs> so dragotin   Add countdown banner to your list of stuff to talk to artwork team about.
15:50:12 <henne> dragotin: get the banner situation sorted
15:50:24 <dragotin> hmm, ok
15:50:35 <suseROCKs> Please.  :-)   (eyelashes fluttering)
15:50:41 <AJaeger> dragotin: thanks!
15:50:46 <AJaeger> next: "Conference Posters "
15:51:27 <AJaeger> Do we have good ones?
15:51:28 <dragotin> we have them I guess
15:51:35 <AJaeger> Who'll take care of distribution?
15:51:38 <AJaeger> and printing?
15:51:55 <dragotin> hm... do we need them printed any more?
15:51:58 <suseROCKs> is it worth printing?
15:52:08 <dragotin> well, put it on my list
15:52:18 <dragotin> I clearify with Rob, maybe we can get a bargain
15:52:30 <dragotin> posters can be useful
15:52:35 <AJaeger> not sure - we could also send the pdfs around and ask for printout ;(
15:52:38 <izabelvalverde> AJaeger would be useful at Desktop Summit
15:52:48 <dragotin> izabelvalverde: right.
15:52:55 <suseROCKs> good point  yes
15:52:55 <AJaeger> izabelvalverde: Good idea.
15:53:08 <henne> sending posters in hardware around is a nogo with two months left
15:53:22 <dragotin> I will bring some to DS
15:53:27 <dragotin> and pin them personally ;-)
15:53:32 <AJaeger> dragotin: Thanks!
15:53:41 <henne> lets make posters for everyone to print
15:53:51 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Take some to OSCON and the comunity summit?
15:54:00 <izabelvalverde> dragotin I can help you there ;-)
15:54:25 <AJaeger> henne: I expect we have the but we should make everybody aware of this.
15:54:26 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   that's this weekend.    AlanClark   Is there a way we can get one or two posters printed?
15:54:38 <suseROCKs> and bring with you this weekend?
15:54:39 <AJaeger> suseROCKs, AlanClark: Just use a color printer
15:55:01 <suseROCKs> not my printer.   just 1/4 of a poster would drain all my ink  :-)
15:55:03 <henne> AJaeger: so the actionable thing is a news post about posters to hang
15:55:07 <AlanClark> I can print them on a color printer
15:55:10 <suseROCKs> but Provo has enough color printers  :-)
15:55:18 <AJaeger> henne: Yes
15:55:59 <AJaeger> "Onsite Materials" - Javier and Pascal signed up for this.
15:56:22 <AJaeger> Who's following up with them?
15:56:29 <suseROCKs> that'll be done once we have program stuff I guess
15:56:41 <henne> i think this is to broad
15:56:48 <henne> what are onsite materials?
15:57:00 <suseROCKs> henne,   its about the materials we hand out at registration desk etc.
15:57:10 <suseROCKs> programs  brochures, etc.
15:57:11 <henne> yes we need to plan that in detail
15:57:13 <dragotin> thats a whole lot of work
15:57:25 <suseROCKs> but needs to be done  :-)
15:57:39 <suseROCKs> or we just save printing (go green!) and make ginat posters of our schedules.
15:57:50 <AJaeger> Then let's add to the item the list: program, local map.
15:57:57 <henne> local map?
15:58:10 <suseROCKs> henne,   location of rooms
15:58:10 <AJaeger> henne: Zentrifuge, kantine, underground,...
15:58:20 <AJaeger> indeed: rooms as well
15:58:33 <henne> okay
15:58:53 <henne> this is hardly artwork
15:58:57 <henne> i'll move it off the page
15:59:04 <suseROCKs> henne,   its both
15:59:15 <suseROCKs> others may come up with the content,  but the artwork team makes it look nice layout
15:59:26 <henne> the layout is fixed by the tool
15:59:33 <henne> right dragoti?
15:59:34 <suseROCKs> what tool?
15:59:37 <henne> indico
15:59:44 <henne> it can export the program as pdf
15:59:52 <suseROCKs> indico has a tool to map out zentrifuge, kantine, undergound?
15:59:54 <henne> dragotin?
15:59:54 <dragotin> it can
16:00:05 <dragotin> it can print the program
16:00:17 <dragotin> but I doubt its very much customizeable
16:00:18 <henne> we only have to manage the printing part
16:00:38 <dragotin> suseROCKs: Actually it has, but its complicated
16:00:59 <henne> no need to. these are pages people throw away after a day...
16:01:03 <dragotin> we can rather combine the program pdf generated from Indico with a couple of pages we did manually
16:01:05 <henne> we have more important things to do
16:01:09 <dragotin> ack
16:01:13 <henne> so who is going to manage the printout?
16:01:27 <henne> also robert?
16:01:29 <dragotin> somebody from the Program Commitee?
16:01:36 <suseROCKs> like I said a few lines ago,  maybe instead of giving out materials, we just make big posters of our schedule.   Save on green!
16:01:53 <dragotin> suseROCKs: I kinda agree.
16:01:58 <cartman> a mobile app for schedule would save paper
16:01:58 <henne> suseROCKs: i cant circle what i want to see on a poster
16:01:59 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: We can project the schedule to the wall
16:02:10 <dragotin> digitltom: wanted to check a mobile app
16:02:29 <henne> i cant put the paper in my pocket so i can look what i wanted to see next in the talk im sitting in right now
16:02:30 <suseROCKs> dragotin,   would be nice.   if he can do it conveniently
16:02:45 <henne> i cant put the poster*
16:03:01 <cartman> henne: yeah well mobile app fixes that :)
16:03:02 <AJaeger> I agree with henne, we need some kind of paper.
16:03:09 <henne> also a poster we would have to make up while the program pdf we get out of indico for free
16:03:13 <suseROCKs> henne,   but if we have 5 or 6 copies of that poster posted strategially, you can eaasily look at the poster after the session
16:03:20 <suseROCKs> during the session you're supposed to pay attention  :-)
16:03:51 <dragotin> paper is cool because it seldomly breaks, which is not the case for beamer bulbs
16:03:55 <henne> every conference has programm handouts
16:03:56 <digitltom> dragotin:  i had a short look, but indigo seems not to export it's schedule in a calendar format?
16:03:56 <henne> please
16:04:05 <dragotin> digitltom: it does
16:04:23 <digitltom> dragotin:  link?
16:04:31 <izabelvalverde> suseROCKs let's save the green in another opportunity ;-)
16:04:39 <AlanClark> There are a couple of mobile app options
16:05:33 <AJaeger> AlanClark: Please tell digitltom off-line
16:05:52 <AJaeger> So, what actions do we want to take?
16:06:02 <AJaeger> digitltom: To look at mobile apps.
16:06:06 <suseROCKs> henne,   actually I've been to a few conferences lately where they are completely doing away with paper.   Its a pretty cool idea  (though most use USBs as handouts for materials, which isn't exactly cost saving)
16:06:19 <henne> we still need someone to printout the programm
16:06:25 <AJaeger> Create a PDF early enough that people can print it out themselves?
16:06:42 <henne> the PDF is there automatically
16:06:51 <henne> http://conference.opensuse.org/indico//conferenceTimeTable.py?confId=2#20110911
16:07:05 <henne> -> print -> pdf
16:07:13 <suseROCKs> ok we're getting too bogged down on this  :-)
16:07:14 <izabelvalverde> or we can put a pc and printer with like: - Print yourself :-D
16:07:29 <AJaeger> So, shall we print?
16:07:33 <henne> yes
16:07:45 <henne> people expect this
16:07:51 <AlanClark> +1 print
16:07:52 <izabelvalverde> I agree
16:08:21 <henne> so who is going to print it?
16:08:24 <henne> robert i say
16:08:31 <henne> he's dealing with printers anyway
16:08:37 <AJaeger> Do we want a daily printout with changes - or make a program of all four days and print once a week earlier?
16:09:03 <dragotin> Is that something we have to discuss here in detail?
16:09:14 <henne> no
16:09:20 <dragotin> Or can we leave that to a couple of people who take up on that?
16:09:23 <izabelvalverde> AJaeger I'm planning to go a littel before to Nue if so I can help on it I just need a place and printer
16:09:24 <henne> let robert handle the printout however he wants
16:09:40 <AJaeger> henne: Fine with me!
16:10:05 <AJaeger> izabelvalverde: you're welcome in the office!
16:10:15 <henne> okay next topic
16:10:26 <AJaeger> "T-Shirt Design " - nothing done - and I'm not sure about budget.
16:10:28 <izabelvalverde> thank you... count on me
16:10:29 <AJaeger> let's remove it - ok?
16:10:42 <suseROCKs> ok
16:10:56 <AlanClark> +1
16:11:03 <henne> okay
16:11:11 <AJaeger> next one "Sponsorship Appeal"
16:11:17 <izabelvalverde> I shot several proposals for many companies but nothing yet
16:11:29 <AJaeger> We have B1 Systems as party sponsor.
16:11:35 <izabelvalverde> I still waiting for answers
16:11:51 <dragotin> Jos told me AlanClark is also behind sponsoring?
16:11:54 <AJaeger> My colleague Christian Degen is talking with his German partners.
16:12:26 <AlanClark> I'm workin on some, nothing concrete yet
16:12:49 <AJaeger> So far Christian got an offer for let's sponsor each other (without money)  - so we heck whether we get the money elsewhere out of SUSE ;)
16:13:02 <AJaeger> any actions to take down here?
16:13:24 <izabelvalverde> can we try actions like sponsor "things" ?
16:13:26 <henne> i noted all the people down who are trying
16:13:37 <AJaeger> next: "CFP Drive"
16:13:42 <dragotin> I think we have to have AlanClark and Jos working on a "Plan B"
16:14:00 <izabelvalverde> AJaeger anthing from Oracle?
16:14:00 <AlanClark> dragotin, what is plan B?
16:14:02 <AJaeger> dragotin: We have that one already . Let me fill in the rest
16:14:16 <AJaeger> izabelvalverde: I talked with Lenz: No sponsoring from them.
16:14:22 <izabelvalverde> :-(
16:14:26 <izabelvalverde> ok
16:14:27 <dragotin> like going back to management and tell them the situation and ask for help
16:14:45 <AJaeger> For all: We have 15k USD we can use for travel sponsoring if no sponsors show up.
16:14:55 <dragotin> *applause*
16:14:57 <henne> the only thing we are looking for is travel sponsorship right?
16:15:11 <izabelvalverde> henne not really
16:15:14 <henne> it would help to have individuals names/stories
16:15:17 <izabelvalverde> the conference in general
16:15:21 <AJaeger> henne: Yes, the rest should be covered by B1 (party) and SUSE.
16:15:31 <henne> what else do we _need_ sponsorship for?
16:15:47 <AJaeger> Ah, I'm also looking for Wifi hardware - and internet.
16:15:59 <henne> there you go
16:16:04 <AJaeger> ;)
16:16:06 <cartman> lunch?
16:16:07 <suseROCKs> we don't have guaranteed wifi?
16:16:26 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: The location is not a conference location, they have wifi but not enough for all of us.
16:16:35 <henne> it helps very much if you ask sponsors for specific things
16:16:37 <suseROCKs> ok
16:16:55 <henne> then they actually know what money they have to put up
16:16:59 <izabelvalverde> henne that's what I mentioned as "things" ;-)
16:17:16 <suseROCKs> for lunch, if the location is good, I'd rather we have the option to go to local eateries for lunch than to have our own lunch provided.   Last year's lunch was umm....  well I wont' say anything more  :-)
16:17:16 <henne> okay then lets collect "things"
16:17:28 <AJaeger> Regarding plan B: Jos is also asking for additional money - we call the 15k "Insurance money". So, add this as his AI.
16:17:43 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: We'll discuss lunch later.
16:17:55 <AJaeger> If we then need to enhance sponsorship, let's come back here...
16:18:14 <henne> okay
16:18:52 <AJaeger> next item: "CFP Drive" - this is nearing its end
16:19:24 <henne> get we get rid  of it then?
16:19:24 <AJaeger> any further actions needed?
16:19:31 <AlanClark> we have a program committee meeting scheduled for tomorrow.
16:19:36 <suseROCKs> after tomorrow, we will identify what holes exist and push hard for the next few days to the deadline
16:19:49 <AJaeger> ok, so for tomorrow t ofigure out.
16:19:57 <AJaeger> next "Registration/Invitation Drive"
16:20:03 <AlanClark> I'd like to move it to 14:00 instead of 15:00.  Those slated for the meeting can we do that?
16:20:30 <izabelvalverde> what is invitation drive?
16:20:37 * suseROCKs figures out ....  right now its 16:00 right?  If so, that's fine, AlanClark
16:20:43 <AJaeger> izabelvalverde: Invite pepole to come to the event
16:20:55 <henne> can you schedule your other meeting after this one? thanks ;)
16:20:55 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,  we talked about this topic earlier so I think we can move on
16:20:56 <AJaeger> Right now we have 16:20 UTC
16:21:12 <suseROCKs> ok AlanClark   14:00 is fine by me.  dragotin   vuntz   ok with you?
16:21:22 <henne> suseROCKs: so everything is under control there? I would like to get rid of it from the wiki page
16:21:57 <suseROCKs> henne,   well the CFP drive is not done until the deadline is over  :-)
16:22:08 <izabelvalverde> AJaeger is specifically?
16:22:22 <henne> suseROCKs: okay
16:22:39 <AJaeger> izabelvalverde: It's writing about the program so that people undecided join us.
16:22:48 <AJaeger> next: "Media Relations"
16:22:52 <AJaeger> Jos owns this
16:23:05 <suseROCKs> and that topic was discussed earlier in this meeting as well..   we can close out on this page now
16:23:24 <AJaeger> No idea where we are at this. I can followup with Jos and figure out the status.
16:23:45 <AJaeger> unless somebody else wants...
16:23:45 <dragotin> AlanClark: 14:00 UTC is not working for me
16:24:19 <dragotin> AlanClark: have to do a job interview at 14:00 UTC
16:24:25 <dragotin> sorry
16:25:12 <henne> alright that was that page
16:25:13 <AJaeger> This brings us to our next major topic
16:25:16 <AJaeger> #topic Conference Program
16:25:41 <AJaeger> The cfp team will have a meeting tomorrow to discuss everything at some time ;)
16:25:46 <AlanClark> suseROCKs, dragotin, vuntz let's leave the program meeting at 15:00 as scheduled
16:25:55 <suseROCKs> ok
16:25:59 <vuntz> ok
16:26:07 <AJaeger> Is there anything else we need to discuss for this topic today?
16:26:09 <dragotin> sorry guys
16:26:27 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   no
16:26:37 <AlanClark> Should we include discussion of keynotes at tomorrows meeting?
16:26:49 <dragotin> AlanClark: Yes, I think so
16:26:54 <suseROCKs> sure
16:26:55 <dragotin> AlanClark: at least for some AIs
16:26:57 <henne> AJaeger: for which discussion?
16:27:09 <suseROCKs> henne,   see topic  :-)
16:27:21 <AlanClark> ok I added keynotes to tomorrows agenda
16:27:29 <AJaeger> OK, next topic then
16:27:34 <izabelvalverde> I'm lost as well which topic?
16:27:46 <AJaeger> izabelvalverde: We discuss the Conference Program
16:27:55 <henne> we are back to the general agenda
16:27:56 <izabelvalverde> ok thank you
16:28:03 <henne> its on http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_meeting
16:28:17 <AJaeger> So, next topic
16:28:21 <AJaeger> #topic budget
16:28:33 <izabelvalverde> henne thanks
16:29:28 <henne> okay how do we track the budget?
16:29:32 <AJaeger> So far we have the 50k USD from SUSE which should cover the whole event. Jos "owns" this on the SUSE side - and I help him with spending it and currently have the spreadsheet with everything
16:30:05 <henne> can we have this spreadsheet versioned somewhere?
16:30:07 <izabelvalverde> so the things might be followed by the spreadsheet?
16:30:17 <AJaeger> I can easily share the spreadsheet.
16:30:39 <henne> can you transfer it to google docs?
16:30:48 <AJaeger> I can put it read-online on a web server and update it once I make changes.
16:30:49 <henne> so everyone can read it and some can work on it?
16:31:02 <AJaeger> Yeah, google docs work as well
16:31:30 <AJaeger> let's do that - I take the ai.
16:32:21 <AJaeger> ok, next topic
16:32:25 <AJaeger> #topic Sponsoring
16:32:37 <AJaeger> We covered this already under the "Promotion" topic, so let's move on.
16:32:54 <AJaeger> #topic Travel sponsoring
16:33:03 <henne> alrght
16:33:14 <henne> lets track things we need sponsoring for
16:33:16 <AJaeger> We discussed on the opensuse-conference mailing list to setup an email list and team to organize it.
16:33:31 <henne> stop. please one topic back
16:33:38 <AJaeger> #topic sponsoring
16:33:40 <henne> general sponsoring
16:34:00 <henne> i think we should talk about the stuff we mentioned
16:34:03 <AJaeger> - we have SUSE to sponsor the main event as long as we stay in budget ;)
16:34:08 <AJaeger> - wifi hardware
16:34:28 <AJaeger> - internet (could be part of SUSE sponsoring)
16:34:30 <henne> anything else?
16:34:33 <AJaeger> - travel sponsorship
16:34:42 <AJaeger> - party - already have a sponsor
16:34:51 <henne> wifi hardware?
16:35:00 <suseROCKs> someone mentioned lunch, though I think we can work around that, but probably should make an entry anyway
16:35:02 <AJaeger> - access points
16:35:12 <AJaeger> - food sponsoring
16:35:21 <henne> dude... i know what wifi hardware is
16:35:34 <henne> what exactly would we need?
16:35:45 <henne> find a sponsor to pay for:
16:35:51 <henne> <fill in>
16:36:18 <AJaeger> henne: Access points that handle 300-500 people and ways to connect the 5 different rooms via wifi
16:36:48 <dragotin> .o0( Deckel help!! )
16:37:06 <AJaeger> dragotin: I'm already talking with deckel ;)
16:37:16 <henne> okay
16:37:25 <henne> this is about getting a sponsor for this
16:37:26 <suseROCKs> I'll bring my linksys wifi home router if it helps  :-D
16:37:32 <henne> so you take care of this AJaeger?
16:37:37 <AJaeger> Yes
16:37:56 <AJaeger> but if anybody wants to take over, I'm happily pass it on ;)
16:38:01 <dragotin> do we have a list of companies that could provide the hardware already?
16:38:08 <dragotin> ok, details, sorry
16:38:22 <izabelvalverde> AJaeger coffee machines will be lend/rent/buy?
16:38:32 <henne> what would we need for the internet connection?
16:38:38 <AJaeger> general sponsoring: cold and warm drinks
16:38:50 <AJaeger> SDSL, 10 MBit at least
16:39:32 <henne> hm
16:39:54 <AJaeger> (that's what deckel told me)
16:39:58 <henne> okay
16:40:18 <henne> for travel sponsoring
16:40:20 <suseROCKs> ok so my home-use wifi router won't work then  :-D
16:40:25 <henne> what exactly do we need there?
16:40:42 <AJaeger> Let's continue - and if there's more to add for general sponsoring, bring it up and henne will note it down.
16:40:46 <AJaeger> henne: Next topic?
16:40:51 <henne> no
16:41:00 <henne> what do we need to do for travel sponsoring?
16:41:07 <AJaeger> henne: Next topic is travel sponsoring ;)
16:41:12 <henne> ah okay. sorry
16:41:14 <izabelvalverde> henne did you create travel_support@opensuse.org ?
16:41:19 <AJaeger> #topic travel sponsoring
16:41:21 <AJaeger> We need:
16:41:24 <henne> izabelvalverde: yes
16:41:33 <henne> izabelvalverde: travel-support@o.o
16:41:42 <AJaeger> - the travel-support@o.o list
16:41:48 <AJaeger> - people to subscribe
16:41:49 <izabelvalverde> henne thanks
16:42:04 <AJaeger> - the team needs to define how it handles travel sponsorship (adhoc or a policy)
16:42:21 <AJaeger> - the team needs to review applications and grant sponsorship
16:42:29 <AJaeger> - we need to pay out the money
16:42:33 <izabelvalverde> AJaeger so far could be me, Bruno, Jos, henne and you ;-)
16:43:03 <AJaeger> izabelvalverde: Me? I prefer not  - but  I fear I have to help spending money.
16:43:05 <izabelvalverde> at least was mentioned by Jos before
16:43:08 <AJaeger> Any other volunteers?
16:43:15 <henne> gah
16:43:21 <izabelvalverde> :-D
16:43:24 <henne> can we do this step by step please? :)
16:43:46 <henne> who is taking care of deciding whom to sponsor?
16:43:59 <henne> Bruno, izabelvalverde, jos, henne. is that correct?
16:44:04 <AJaeger> henne: The team consisting of Bruno, izabelvalverde, Jos, henne.
16:44:10 <izabelvalverde> and Klaas I believe
16:44:31 <henne> dragotin: okay with you?
16:44:37 <dragotin> izabelvalverde: no, please not
16:44:40 <henne> okay
16:44:41 <izabelvalverde> also he recomended a closed ML
16:44:46 <dragotin> I am bad with money ;-)
16:45:07 <izabelvalverde> dragotin I'm good with money so that's a real problem :-D
16:45:33 <henne> okay once we have a list of individuals then what?
16:45:57 <AJaeger> granting sponsorship
16:46:02 <izabelvalverde> Jos made an announce so we can publish after the ML is created
16:46:23 <AJaeger> we also need to announce the program, Jos has drafted it, it can go live once everybody is subscribed to the ML
16:46:38 <izabelvalverde> I think we can give a date to apply and we can decided in a meeting 5 of us
16:47:00 <henne> alright. so we need to announce it
16:47:01 <suseROCKs> i agree.  No need to get into that level of detail here in this general meeting
16:47:04 <henne> Jos is doing this?
16:47:17 <izabelvalverde> well He will and I can help either
16:47:31 <henne> suseROCKs: we need tasks. otherwise we'll not finish
16:47:31 <AJaeger> henne: Jos has written the announcement and asks us to publish it as soon as everything is ready.
16:47:51 <henne> what is everything?
16:48:00 <AJaeger> so, the AI is for the travel sponsor team to review and publish the text
16:48:05 <henne> okay
16:48:09 <AJaeger> henne: Mailing list setup, people subscribed.
16:48:22 <AJaeger> people = team
16:48:40 <henne> the mailinglist is setup
16:48:43 <izabelvalverde> the subject email [opensuse-conference] travel sponsorship we talked about it
16:49:28 <izabelvalverde> and then we can decide about visa letters and so on
16:49:32 <izabelvalverde> thanks henne
16:49:54 <henne> okay i just notified the peopl
16:49:59 <henne> again
16:50:20 <henne> once we have a list of people we need to pay the money?
16:50:30 <AJaeger> henne: Correct.
16:50:52 <henne> i guess jos is doing that right?
16:50:52 <AJaeger> izabelvalverde: I can help with paying money - and AlanClark as well...
16:50:56 <henne> okay
16:51:06 <AJaeger> henne: Yes, Jos also.
16:51:25 <henne> alright
16:51:50 <henne> so how can we handle pther sponsors?
16:51:52 <henne> other*
16:51:55 <izabelvalverde> AJaeger is all that we need ;-)
16:52:14 <AJaeger> henne: What do you mean? Getting the money or equipment?
16:52:29 <henne> for travel sponsorship
16:52:31 <izabelvalverde> henne subscription done
16:52:55 <henne> the plan we currently have doesn't work if I want to sponsor 500€ out of my own pocket
16:53:20 <henne> so how are we going to do that?
16:53:30 <AJaeger> henne: Indeed that has not been discussed.
16:53:47 <izabelvalverde> henne I sent some suggestions to Jos letś see what he thinks about
16:54:24 <AJaeger> I propose that the team discusses that.
16:54:32 <henne> okay
16:54:44 <AJaeger> next topic?
16:55:08 <henne> yes
16:55:11 <izabelvalverde> venue?
16:55:11 <AJaeger> #topic Venue
16:55:15 <AJaeger> izabelvalverde: Yes
16:55:36 <AJaeger> dragotin, rlihm, oliver fecher and myself have handled so far the venue.
16:56:09 <AJaeger> We have the zentrifuge and four seminar rooms - and place in front for sitting outside
16:56:09 <henne> the general stuff is done right?
16:56:28 <henne> we need to get into tasks
16:56:40 <AJaeger> There's still some stuff to do like signing up for some chairs.
16:56:41 <dragotin> right
16:56:52 <henne> signing up?
16:57:00 <AJaeger> ordering I mean
16:57:18 <henne> i bet there is tons of stuff to do
16:57:33 <henne> can we go through room by room?
16:57:52 <dragotin> I suggest we make a visit there
16:57:52 <AJaeger> yep, we can.
16:58:00 <dragotin> and discuss it there
16:58:04 <dragotin> thats more effective
16:58:18 <henne> this meeting is not about effectiveness :)
16:58:23 <henne> this is about syncing everybody
16:58:24 <dragotin> I know that limits the action to the nbg guys, but still
16:58:49 <dragotin> henne: your turn
16:58:54 <AJaeger> dragotin: Let's go briefly through the rooms - just so that we don't forget anything.
16:59:02 <henne> for instance the party people need to know what is available there
16:59:13 <henne> the programm people need to know the room layout
16:59:28 <AJaeger> henne: Not the layout - the sizes.
16:59:37 <henne> the WIFI sponsoring people need to know that too
16:59:37 <henne> etc
16:59:47 <AlanClark> /me has to step away from IRC for awhile
17:00:10 <AJaeger> I have a map that I can share with whoever needs it
17:00:24 <henne> so what do we need for the place outside the venue?
17:00:33 <henne> AJaeger: that map needs to be online
17:00:48 <AJaeger> henne: I'll make it available.
17:00:55 <henne> ok
17:00:58 <henne> noted down
17:01:03 <henne> so what do we need for the place outside the venue?
17:01:04 <AJaeger> henne: Bierbänke
17:01:13 <henne> dragotin you organize them right?
17:01:21 <AJaeger> benches and tables for the non-Germans
17:01:35 <AJaeger> henne: yes
17:01:57 <izabelvalverde> AJaeger count me in to help to "build" the place ok?
17:02:29 <henne> what about the sun?
17:02:34 <henne> it hurts ;)
17:02:55 <henne> do we need sun shades?
17:03:07 <AJaeger> henne: We could use some - good point.
17:03:28 <AJaeger> please add them.
17:03:56 <henne> okay
17:04:07 <henne> does the venue have wastebins?
17:04:11 <drago> sorry, dropped off
17:04:28 <AJaeger> henne: add it ask action for us to check that there wil lbe enough
17:04:49 <henne> who is us?
17:04:55 <henne> you and me?
17:05:07 <AJaeger> henne: the four people that I mentioned above. If you join us, make it five ;)
17:05:28 <henne> okay
17:05:59 <henne> what about the entertainment?
17:06:00 <AJaeger> So, let me run you quickly through the building:
17:06:34 <AJaeger> ground floor - the main zentrifuge rooom will have the reception and some soft chairs, a bar.
17:06:45 <AJaeger> After this is the main conference room.
17:06:59 <henne> who is organizing the bar?
17:07:06 <henne> who is organizing the soft chairs?
17:07:09 <AJaeger> henne: I'll answer later.
17:07:31 <suseROCKs> was it just me or did we just have a netsplit?
17:07:36 <AJaeger> First floor contains the Zentrifuge seminar room and also another seminar room.
17:07:36 <henne> suseROCKs: we did
17:08:01 <suseROCKs> ok so where are we at now?
17:08:14 <henne> suseROCKs: venue stuff
17:08:21 <suseROCKs> aha
17:08:32 <suseROCKs> that's broad as well...
17:08:42 <AJaeger> second floor contains our largest seminar room - called the "Ballsaal" and a couple of rooms called "labyrinth". The labyrinth will have one seminar room and two  smaller rooms where people can meet.
17:08:45 <henne> that why we break it down room by room :)
17:08:51 <suseROCKs> does this mean tasks to handle DURING the event or does it relate to setting things up prior to the event?
17:09:11 <henne> suseROCKs: both
17:09:20 <suseROCKs> e.g., I was told earlier that we'll need to get some volunteers to move charis around whenever we change room layouts.   Is that under this topic?
17:09:23 <AJaeger> We need to get chairs, tables, projectors, lightning to these.
17:10:01 <henne> okay can we go over it room by room now? ;)
17:10:06 <AJaeger> The location team is taken care of that everything is setup - but ask your questions in case we missed an item.
17:10:25 <AJaeger> Zentrifuge main room:
17:10:31 <henne> please
17:10:33 <suseROCKs> well do you need volunteers to help out with equipment movement during the confernece?
17:10:40 <henne> can we please not down tasks here and now?
17:10:53 <henne> and not defer everything somewhere else?
17:10:55 <suseROCKs> e.g. I'm told some rooms will change (a divider during some meetings and not others) and need people to physically move chairs during breaks
17:11:08 <drago> suseROCKs: no
17:11:09 <henne> we are here to sync our todo lists
17:11:11 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: I'm not aware of that - only for the party if it rains.
17:11:20 <AJaeger> and that can be done quickly.
17:11:42 <suseROCKs> henne,   well that's my question.  If there are tasks we can go out and ask people to volunteer to help out on during the conference (and not just leave it all burdened on you guys) we should list it out
17:11:43 <henne> i have to move walls for the party?
17:12:01 <henne> suseROCKs: yes. thats what ALL of this is for
17:12:01 <AJaeger> henne: Only if it rains and we cannot be outside
17:12:08 <drago> henne: parties where you are always shifts walls.
17:12:27 <henne> okay lets discuss party later
17:12:28 <drago> no, no wall shifting will be needed
17:12:49 <AJaeger> Zentrifuge: location team has the actions to setup bar (food and drinks), sofas, lightning, a speakers place, chairs, tables.
17:12:50 <henne> can we now please go through room by room like we did with the beergarden?
17:12:56 <suseROCKs> ok so do you need any kind of muscle whatsoever during the event?
17:13:12 <henne> we need tons of stuff
17:13:18 <henne> and I want to record what
17:13:20 <drago> also muscles :)
17:13:25 <drago> and nervs ;-)
17:13:28 <henne> thats what this meeting is about right?
17:13:40 <izabelvalverde> AJaeger henne drago I have another meeting here in few minutes so can I do/help something now?
17:13:41 <suseROCKs> I believe that was my question, yes  :-)
17:13:44 <AJaeger> Projector, Leinwand, microphones, speakers,
17:13:50 <izabelvalverde> cause I must to go :-(
17:14:02 * AJaeger is running out of time as well ;-(
17:14:16 <AJaeger> drago: Anything else for Zentrifuge?
17:14:18 <AJaeger> lightning
17:14:27 <AJaeger> registration desk
17:14:33 <suseROCKs> video team
17:14:33 <henne> cables
17:14:36 <drago> registration desk == bar
17:14:39 <henne> people who man the bar
17:14:45 <AJaeger> projector to project schedule of the  day
17:14:50 <izabelvalverde> sorry
17:14:58 <AJaeger> Board to write up BOFs
17:15:03 <drago> maybe something to darken teh room, paper or textile
17:15:05 <izabelvalverde> just count me in to help on whatever is needed ok?
17:15:09 <henne> people who care about the technics
17:15:10 <AJaeger> izabelvalverde: Thanks!
17:15:11 <drago> izabelvalverde: thanks
17:15:15 <henne> people who visit the rooms
17:15:24 <henne> and see if something is needed for each workshop
17:15:34 <izabelvalverde> you're welcome ;-)
17:15:39 <izabelvalverde> see you later
17:15:40 <henne> we don't even have a bar yet right?
17:15:43 <drago> session chair so called
17:16:00 <drago> we agreed to build the bar from the Old Toad craddles
17:16:29 <suseROCKs> who brinigs ice for the beer chest?  :-)
17:16:29 <drago> another option is to ask Urban, but than we get a "Kerwa Bar"
17:16:31 <AJaeger> flowers
17:16:42 <AJaeger> some artwork for the walls (posters)
17:17:00 * drago brings his favorite Bambi-Poster :-)
17:17:00 <henne> so I ask one last time before I run away screaming
17:17:04 <suseROCKs> this kind of discussion is better done as a list on a page.
17:17:16 <henne> can we go room by room and record what we still need?
17:17:23 <henne> and what we have
17:17:29 <drago> henne: we did that
17:17:34 <AJaeger> henne: This is room by room - we're just at the main room.
17:18:14 <henne> how the beep should I be able to record this?
17:18:26 <AJaeger> sorry ;)
17:18:50 <AJaeger> henne I can go through the above and review what you recorded.
17:19:16 <henne> i havent recorded anything
17:19:34 <AJaeger> henne: Then I can write it up myself if yo uprefer
17:19:36 <henne> because you just throw in some stuff
17:19:47 <henne> because you think everybody knows what you talk about
17:19:57 <drago> ok, so lets try structured:
17:20:02 <drago> 1. Wardrobe
17:20:03 <drago> 2. Bar
17:20:04 <suseROCKs> henne,   Isn't that better than spending hours here (we're already 2 hours now) discussing everything thing in minute detail?
17:20:18 <suseROCKs> Just create a list of the tasks needed onsite  and include explanation if needed
17:20:24 <suseROCKs> then people can grab what they want/can do
17:20:37 <henne> suseROCKs: this meeting is about creating this tasklist...
17:20:45 <drago> suseROCKs: that leads to "nothing happens" which we def. can not afford any more
17:21:02 <henne> we already have 4 lists of stuff to do on the wiki
17:21:16 <suseROCKs> fine
17:21:17 <henne> this meeting is about getting everyone on the same page
17:21:26 <suseROCKs> and people are leaving
17:21:33 <henne> if this meeting is too long we need to do another one
17:21:46 <henne> is that what we are getting at?
17:21:50 <drago> henne: I think that makes sense
17:21:50 <suseROCKs> my recommendation is have a list created, and then go over that list in a meeting.  not use a meeting to create a list
17:22:48 <henne> suseROCKs: your recommondation comes 2 hours late
17:23:18 <henne> okay so do we want to continue today?
17:23:22 <suseROCKs> ok then we sit here and build the lists.
17:23:23 <drago> for the venue stuff, I agree with suseROCKs
17:23:26 <AJaeger> So, when shall we meet again? We've spend three hours now i nthe meeting and I need to leave now as well.
17:23:28 <henne> or schedule another meeting for a lter date?
17:23:52 <henne> how about tomorrow?
17:23:54 <AJaeger> We can meet later today. But I'm offline on thursday and Friday.
17:23:55 <drago> tomorow?
17:24:09 <AJaeger> Tomorrow is the cfp meeting - or we meet at 18:00 hours.
17:24:19 <henne> tomorrow around from 3-5pm CEST
17:24:29 <henne> tomorrow from 3-5pm CEST
17:24:45 <AJaeger> henne: 3-5pm CEST works (13:00 to 15:00 UTC) it's before the cfp meeting
17:24:57 <drago> does not work for me
17:24:59 <AJaeger> drago, shall the two of us prepare a venue list?
17:25:06 <AJaeger> as suseROCKs proposed?
17:25:17 <drago> sure, I think there is one already
17:25:38 <suseROCKs> if there is one already, review it and see if anything to add to it, and then use it as the guide in the next meeting
17:25:47 <suseROCKs> not like what we just did a few minutes ago which was all helter skelter
17:25:57 <suseROCKs> and led to henne's ire  :-)
17:26:05 <drago> I have another meeting at 4 CEST tomorror
17:26:07 <AJaeger> we'll put it in the place that henne tells us to use ;)
17:26:14 <drago> which I cant move without trouble
17:26:16 <henne> okay then 3-4 CEST
17:26:20 <henne> and see what we get done
17:26:20 <AJaeger> ok.
17:26:21 <drago> ok
17:26:30 <henne> everyone else?
17:26:39 <cwh> what else?
17:26:39 <suseROCKs> 3-4 CEST is what UTC?
17:26:51 <AJaeger> 13:00 - 14:00
17:27:03 <suseROCKs> 8 a.m. then...   :-D
17:27:14 <AJaeger> late ;)
17:27:16 <suseROCKs> you may or may not see me.   Which might be good for you  :-)
17:27:33 <henne> as long as we record everything people can chime in afterwards
17:27:40 <drago> ok
17:27:42 <suseROCKs> drago,   since you say a list already exists, is it on the wiki already?  Can I review it?
17:27:43 <cwh> and you think we will get further in only one hour?
17:27:43 <AJaeger> ok, then see you tomorrow! Thanks everybody - and thanks henne for recording everything!
17:27:57 <drago> AJaeger: do you have the list?
17:28:04 <AJaeger> cwh: drago and myself write up a list and then let's go through it.
17:28:08 <drago> henne is the meeting traktor :-)
17:28:14 <drago> thanks henne
17:28:15 <AJaeger> drago: I'll put what I have tomorrow in the wiki
17:28:19 <cwh> ok, great
17:28:21 <AJaeger> #endmeeting