<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Board Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Board Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by henne at 19:01:24 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-01-12-19.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Foundation</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-01-12-19.01.log.html#l-53'>henne</a>, 19:14:07)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">suseROCKs dig
    out the records of the foundation discussion from the private board
    meetings and put them to the wiki</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-01-12-19.01.log.html#l-226'>henne</a>,
    19:49:17)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AlanClark
    write an announcement about the new process of creating the
    foundation. where the latest information is and how you can
    contribute</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-01-12-19.01.log.html#l-288'>henne</a>,
    20:03:46)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Membership Approval Team</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-01-12-19.01.log.html#l-385'>henne</a>, 20:22:00)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">prusnak talk
    to the membership official team about handling their own
    membership</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-01-12-19.01.log.html#l-521'>henne</a>,
    20:45:14)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Trademarks</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-01-12-19.01.log.html#l-525'>henne</a>, 20:47:09)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">where do we need to improve?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-01-12-19.01.log.html#l-618'>henne</a>, 21:09:58)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Question and answers</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-01-12-19.01.log.html#l-637'>henne</a>, 21:11:33)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 21:17:28 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-01-12-19.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs dig out the records of the foundation discussion from the private board meetings and put them to the wiki</li>
  <li>AlanClark write an announcement about the new process of creating the foundation. where the latest information is and how you can contribute</li>
  <li>prusnak talk to the membership official team about handling their own membership</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> AlanClark <ol>
    <li>AlanClark write an announcement about the new process of creating the foundation. where the latest information is and how you can contribute</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> prusnak <ol>
    <li>prusnak talk to the membership official team about handling their own membership</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> suseROCKs <ol>
    <li>suseROCKs dig out the records of the foundation discussion from the private board meetings and put them to the wiki</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>henne (220)</li>
  <li>suseROCKs (182)</li>
  <li>yaloki (122)</li>
  <li>AlanClark (53)</li>
  <li>vuntz (24)</li>
  <li>rhorstkoetter (15)</li>
  <li>dragotin (12)</li>
  <li>tigerfoot (8)</li>
  <li>mrdocs (8)</li>
  <li>prusnak (6)</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet (6)</li>
  <li>wolfiR_ (6)</li>
  <li>bugbot (5)</li>
  <li>remur_030 (2)</li>
  <li>terrorpup (2)</li>
  <li>truthslave (1)</li>
  <li>Dominian (1)</li>
  <li>rtyler (1)</li>
  <li>yal0ki (1)</li>
  <li>microchip_ (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
