===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by henne at 18:03:47 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2011/opensuse-project.2011-12-14-18.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Status Reports  (henne, 18:14:40)
  * Teams and individuals send various status reports around. Coolo
    sends one for the distribution, the OBS team publishes meeting
    minutes, the boosters their "What are the boosters up to" blogposts
    for instance. Are there any questions regarding those or do we need
    to discuss anything in detail?  (henne, 18:15:12)

* Old Action Items  (henne, 19:13:00)

* permission@ requests  (henne, 19:18:09)

* Where do we need to improve?  (henne, 19:18:32)
  * This topic is about quick, small, actionable problems we have. Stuff
    we can solve between this and the next meeting.  (henne, 19:18:44)
  * AGREED: We put the idea about contributor gifts on hold for now.
    Feel free to solve all the problems the implementation has and put
    it back on the AI list. 5+/0-  (henne, 19:28:01)

* openSUSE @ FOSDEM 2012  (henne, 19:29:50)
  * LINK:
    https://lists.fosdem.org/pipermail/fosdem/2011-November/001340.html
    (henne, 19:41:09)
  * LINK: http://fosdem.org/2012/   (izabelvalverde, 19:45:03)

* Questions & Answers  (henne, 19:59:56)
  * The next project meeting will be in four weeks (2012-01-11). Same
    channel (#opensuse-project), same time (18:00 UTC).  (henne,
    20:11:18)



Meeting ended at 20:12:07 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* henne (185)
* AlanClark (75)
* warlordfff (74)
* izabelvalverde (52)
* suseROCKs (26)
* CarlosRibeiro (23)
* anditosan (18)
* mrdocs (18)
* manugupt1 (16)
* Ilmehtar (13)
* jospoortvliet (9)
* tigerfoot (7)
* robjo (7)
* prusnak (7)
* tampakrap (3)
* bugbot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4