<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by suseROCKs at 18:03:14 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic:  Old Action Items</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-21'>suseROCKs</a>, 18:06:23)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais">http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-54'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:12:58)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">cboltz to
    come up with ideas for Contributor gifts on marketing mailing
    list</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-84'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:16:52)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais">http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais</a>
    is one page right? <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-116'>henne</a>,
    18:24:30)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic:  Team Status Reports</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-166'>suseROCKs</a>, 18:36:17)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic:  openSUSE Strategy</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-176'>suseROCKs</a>, 18:39:51)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">prusnak to
    send link to board + jospoortvliet for downloadign membership
    mailing addresses</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-248'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:53:59)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">jospoortvliet
    to write or ask Thomas to write an email reminder to openSUSE
    Members to vote on the Strategy Proposal</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-249'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:54:25)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic:  openSUSE Facebook Group</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-258'>suseROCKs</a>, 18:56:12)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting { Topic:  openSUSE Foundation</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-277'>suseROCKs</a>, 18:58:40)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">: AlanClark
    will work with SUSE Executive Leadership and Attachmate Legal team
    for legal assitance and funding needed to move forward with the
    creation of a Foundation</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-385'>AlanClark</a>,
    19:19:41)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AlanClark
    will begin discussions on $$ on the Foundation mailing list</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-391'>AlanClark</a>,
    19:20:41)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting } Topic:  openSUSE Conference</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-437'>suseROCKs</a>, 19:32:36)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">jospoortvliet
    to mail -factory and -project about conference talks</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-471'>mrdocs</a>,
    19:37:43)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">jospoortvliet
    to ask Project mailing list about BoF, Workshops and other session
    ideas</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-472'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:37:45)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic:  Where do we need to improve?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-503'>suseROCKs</a>, 19:45:45)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://svn.berlios.de/svnroot/repos/opensuse/trunk/infrastructure/">http://svn.berlios.de/svnroot/repos/opensuse/trunk/infrastructure/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-595'>henne</a>,
    20:09:33)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic:  Q&amp;A</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html#l-601'>suseROCKs</a>, 20:11:10)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:25:40 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>cboltz to come up with ideas for Contributor gifts on marketing mailing list</li>
  <li>prusnak to send link to board + jospoortvliet for downloadign membership mailing addresses</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet to write or ask Thomas to write an email reminder to openSUSE Members to vote on the Strategy Proposal</li>
  <li>: AlanClark will work with SUSE Executive Leadership and Attachmate Legal team for legal assitance and funding needed to move forward with the creation of a Foundation</li>
  <li>AlanClark will begin discussions on $$ on the Foundation mailing list</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet to mail -factory and -project about conference talks</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet to ask Project mailing list about BoF, Workshops and other session ideas</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> AlanClark <ol>
    <li>: AlanClark will work with SUSE Executive Leadership and Attachmate Legal team for legal assitance and funding needed to move forward with the creation of a Foundation</li>
    <li>AlanClark will begin discussions on $$ on the Foundation mailing list</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> cboltz <ol>
    <li>cboltz to come up with ideas for Contributor gifts on marketing mailing list</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> jospoortvliet <ol>
    <li>prusnak to send link to board + jospoortvliet for downloadign membership mailing addresses</li>
    <li>jospoortvliet to write or ask Thomas to write an email reminder to openSUSE Members to vote on the Strategy Proposal</li>
    <li>jospoortvliet to mail -factory and -project about conference talks</li>
    <li>jospoortvliet to ask Project mailing list about BoF, Workshops and other session ideas</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> prusnak <ol>
    <li>prusnak to send link to board + jospoortvliet for downloadign membership mailing addresses</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs (230)</li>
  <li>henne (151)</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet (63)</li>
  <li>prusnak (52)</li>
  <li>mrdocs (50)</li>
  <li>AlanClark (37)</li>
  <li>tigerfoot (27)</li>
  <li>clint- (19)</li>
  <li>cboltz (16)</li>
  <li>bugbot (11)</li>
  <li>cartman (2)</li>
  <li>oldcpu (1)</li>
  <li>adrianS (1)</li>
  <li>javier (1)</li>
  <li>izabelvalverde (1)</li>
  <li>rhorstkoetter (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
