<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: openSUSE project meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: openSUSE project meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by mrdocs at 18:02:09 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Old Action Items</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-21'>mrdocs</a>, 18:04:10)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-22'>mrdocs</a>,
    18:04:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-27'>mrdocs</a>,
    18:06:07)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://bugzilla.novell.com/show_bug.cgi?id=670590">https://bugzilla.novell.com/show_bug.cgi?id=670590</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-32'>mrdocs</a>,
    18:06:58)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status Reports</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-37'>mrdocs</a>, 18:07:32)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">openqa will make a 1.0 release by 11 Oct</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-67'>mrdocs</a>,
    18:12:29)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">2012 elections</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-130'>mrdocs</a>, 18:21:59)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://ietherpad.com/board-elections">http://ietherpad.com/board-elections</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-142'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:23:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">izabelvalverde oy and 2 others have volunteered
    to work on Election Commitee</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-196'>mrdocs</a>,
    18:30:51)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">item -
    AlanClark suseROCKs to make announcement calling for Election
    Commitee volunteers</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-215'>mrdocs</a>,
    18:33:05)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">deadline 4
    Oct</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-219'>mrdocs</a>,
    18:33:36)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">permission@ requests</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-244'>mrdocs</a>, 18:38:37)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">bear454 to lead the election committee</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-251'>mrdocs</a>,
    18:39:25)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">AlanClark AJaeger to further discuss and report
    final details for Heinlein Support</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-289'>mrdocs</a>,
    18:45:32)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AlanClark and
    mrdocs reply to their request of OSP , but to decline the
    "exclusive" part</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-399'>mrdocs</a>,
    18:57:41)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AlanClark to
    contact legal and follow-up with HaiSoft, board votes OK with
    permission</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-477'>mrdocs</a>,
    19:07:46)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">where can we improve ?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-497'>mrdocs</a>, 19:10:40)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:What_to_improve_osc11_session</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-498'>mrdocs</a>,
    19:10:48)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">5 min intermission</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-516'>mrdocs</a>, 19:13:33)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">where can we improve ?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-529'>mrdocs</a>, 19:18:33)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:What_to_improve_osc11_session</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-530'>mrdocs</a>,
    19:18:39)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">postpone
    discussion until robjo can attend</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-544'>mrdocs</a>,
    19:21:04)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Q&amp;A</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-545'>mrdocs</a>, 19:21:23)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">mrdocs to try
    and start a first draft tonight</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-715'>mrdocs</a>,
    19:48:19)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">mrdocs to
    write first draft of hackweek announcement, aj, prusnak and jw will
    review and publish it by end of day Thursday</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-733'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:50:50)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://software.opensuse.org/114/en">http://software.opensuse.org/114/en</a>
    right now contains a link "Buy openSUSE" which links to
    http://en.opensuse.org/Buy_openSUSE. <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-736'>AJaeger</a>,
    19:51:04)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://en.opensuse.org/images/2/2f/Sponsoring-concept-opensuse.pdf">http://en.opensuse.org/images/2/2f/Sponsoring-concept-opensuse.pdf</a>
    should be the sponsor brochure <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-867'>AJaeger</a>,
    20:12:48)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">postpone
    discussion for sponsor levels for next meeting</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html#l-873'>mrdocs</a>,
    20:15:04)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:15:31 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-09-21-18.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>item - AlanClark suseROCKs to make announcement calling for Election Commitee volunteers</li>
  <li>deadline 4 Oct</li>
  <li>AlanClark and mrdocs reply to their request of OSP , but to decline the "exclusive" part</li>
  <li>AlanClark to contact legal and follow-up with HaiSoft, board votes OK with permission</li>
  <li>postpone discussion until robjo can attend</li>
  <li>mrdocs to try and start a first draft tonight</li>
  <li>mrdocs to write first draft of hackweek announcement, aj, prusnak and jw will review and publish it by end of day Thursday</li>
  <li>postpone discussion for sponsor levels for next meeting</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> AlanClark <ol>
    <li>item - AlanClark suseROCKs to make announcement calling for Election Commitee volunteers</li>
    <li>AlanClark and mrdocs reply to their request of OSP , but to decline the "exclusive" part</li>
    <li>AlanClark to contact legal and follow-up with HaiSoft, board votes OK with permission</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> mrdocs <ol>
    <li>AlanClark and mrdocs reply to their request of OSP , but to decline the "exclusive" part</li>
    <li>mrdocs to try and start a first draft tonight</li>
    <li>mrdocs to write first draft of hackweek announcement, aj, prusnak and jw will review and publish it by end of day Thursday</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> prusnak <ol>
    <li>mrdocs to write first draft of hackweek announcement, aj, prusnak and jw will review and publish it by end of day Thursday</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> suseROCKs <ol>
    <li>item - AlanClark suseROCKs to make announcement calling for Election Commitee volunteers</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>deadline 4 Oct</li>
    <li>postpone discussion until robjo can attend</li>
    <li>postpone discussion for sponsor levels for next meeting</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>mrdocs (211)</li>
  <li>suseROCKs (163)</li>
  <li>yaloki (107)</li>
  <li>drago (84)</li>
  <li>AJaeger (80)</li>
  <li>nmarques (72)</li>
  <li>AlanClark (40)</li>
  <li>prusnak (35)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (24)</li>
  <li>dragotin (19)</li>
  <li>izabelvalverde (14)</li>
  <li>warlordfff (8)</li>
  <li>bear454 (7)</li>
  <li>bugbot (6)</li>
  <li>andy__ (4)</li>
  <li>coolo (2)</li>
  <li>vuntz (1)</li>
  <li>oy (1)</li>
  <li>cboltz (1)</li>
  <li>Ilmehtar (1)</li>
  <li>henne (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
