<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting - http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting - http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by prusnak at 18:07:58 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Old Action Items</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-18'>prusnak</a>, 18:11:15)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">suseROCKs
    will send an email to conference program committee about their
    meeting, if noone objects, they'll meet on thursday evening</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-99'>prusnak</a>,
    18:26:11)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://connect.opensuse.org/mod/groups/membershipreq.php?group_guid=111">https://connect.opensuse.org/mod/groups/membershipreq.php?group_guid=111</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-126'>prusnak</a>,
    18:35:43)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">prusnak add
    board members as administrators of Members group in connect</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-137'>prusnak</a>,
    18:37:44)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">prusnak ask
    Bugzilla Steering Committee about bug #682324</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-162'>prusnak</a>,
    18:42:38)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">prusnak speak
    to GregKH about opensuse bugzilla</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-183'>prusnak</a>,
    18:46:49)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AlanClark
    post final strategy document and create a poll to ratify its
    contents, invite Thomas to the process</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-283'>prusnak</a>,
    19:07:48)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Strategy
    Proposal to be voted and completed in its current form by May 31,
    2011</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-315'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:11:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">mrdocs to circulate draft presentation</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-364'>mrdocs</a>,
    19:21:57)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status Reports</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-379'>prusnak</a>, 19:24:28)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">permission@ requests</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-432'>prusnak</a>, 19:34:41)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AlanClark
    talk to dragotin and get clarification on brewery trademark</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-548'>prusnak</a>,
    19:56:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Where do we need to improve?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-551'>prusnak</a>, 19:56:40)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">suseROCKs ask
    admin@o.o about putting a cronjob on opensuse infra which will send
    email reminders</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-575'>prusnak</a>,
    20:03:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Q &amp; A</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-599'>prusnak</a>, 20:07:39)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-factory">http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-factory</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html#l-680'>mrdocs</a>,
    20:24:00)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:26:00 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs will send an email to conference program committee about their meeting, if noone objects, they'll meet on thursday evening</li>
  <li>prusnak add board members as administrators of Members group in connect</li>
  <li>prusnak ask Bugzilla Steering Committee about bug #682324</li>
  <li>prusnak speak to GregKH about opensuse bugzilla</li>
  <li>AlanClark post final strategy document and create a poll to ratify its contents, invite Thomas to the process</li>
  <li>Strategy Proposal to be voted and completed in its current form by May 31, 2011</li>
  <li>AlanClark talk to dragotin and get clarification on brewery trademark</li>
  <li>suseROCKs ask admin@o.o about putting a cronjob on opensuse infra which will send email reminders</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> AlanClark <ol>
    <li>AlanClark post final strategy document and create a poll to ratify its contents, invite Thomas to the process</li>
    <li>AlanClark talk to dragotin and get clarification on brewery trademark</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> prusnak <ol>
    <li>prusnak add board members as administrators of Members group in connect</li>
    <li>prusnak ask Bugzilla Steering Committee about bug #682324</li>
    <li>prusnak speak to GregKH about opensuse bugzilla</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> suseROCKs <ol>
    <li>suseROCKs will send an email to conference program committee about their meeting, if noone objects, they'll meet on thursday evening</li>
    <li>suseROCKs ask admin@o.o about putting a cronjob on opensuse infra which will send email reminders</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>prusnak (194)</li>
  <li>suseROCKs (190)</li>
  <li>mrdocs (121)</li>
  <li>AlanClark (46)</li>
  <li>yaloki (27)</li>
  <li>AJaeger (22)</li>
  <li>Abhish (18)</li>
  <li>robjo1 (17)</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet (17)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (16)</li>
  <li>bugbot (9)</li>
  <li>cboltz (9)</li>
  <li>izabelvalverde (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
