18:04:19 <suseROCKs> #startmeeting openSUSE Project+Board Meeting 18-May-2011
18:04:19 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed May 18 18:04:19 2011 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
18:04:19 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
18:04:36 <suseROCKs> #chair henne AlanClark prusnak rhorstkoetter mrdocs_
18:04:36 <bugbot> Current chairs: AlanClark henne mrdocs_ prusnak rhorstkoetter suseROCKs
18:05:00 <suseROCKs> ok first  Board Roll Call.   Who board members are here?
18:05:08 <suseROCKs> + suseROCKs
18:05:13 * prusnak here
18:05:28 * AlanClark here
18:05:53 * henne there
18:06:15 <rhorstkoetter> *here*
18:06:22 <suseROCKs> ok we have quorum
18:06:41 <suseROCKs> Folks, we have a deviation of the standard plan for our agenda today.
18:07:07 <suseROCKs> As we have a lot ot cover relating to the conference, some board members have asked to focus more on Conference and if we have time, return to standard items.
18:07:23 <suseROCKs> I concur with that proposal and will use the following:
18:07:34 <suseROCKs> 1. Roll Call (3 minutes)
18:07:35 <suseROCKs> 2.  Conference Planning (30+ minutes)
18:07:35 <suseROCKs> 2a. Location Team (AJaeger/Dragotin)
18:07:35 <suseROCKs> 2b. Planning Committee  (yaloki)
18:07:35 <suseROCKs> 2c. Marketing (suseROCKs)
18:07:35 <suseROCKs> 2d. Sponsorships (izabelvalverde)
18:07:42 <suseROCKs> 2e. Additional Items
18:07:53 <suseROCKs> 3. Return to standard agenda as time permits
18:08:08 <suseROCKs> So let's move on to the Conference!
18:08:27 <suseROCKs> #topic openSUSE Project+Board meeting | Topic  Conference Planning
18:08:57 <suseROCKs> First on the list is the Location Team starring  AJaeger and dragotin
18:09:03 <suseROCKs> You have the floor
18:09:29 <AJaeger> dragotin: are you here? let met start and please chime in.
18:09:54 <AJaeger> Location is basically secured (no contract signed yet), we have all the rooms we wanted.
18:10:18 <AJaeger> We have a cafeteria on place that will serve lunch - and also coffee in the morning and something in the evening.
18:10:29 <AJaeger> We plan for a BBQ on Monday evening
18:11:09 <suseROCKs> How many rooms will be available and what is their assumed accommodation size?
18:11:22 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: maybe keep such details out for now?
18:11:28 <jospoortvliet> (requirements are on the wiki anyway)
18:11:39 <jospoortvliet> just a suggestion to keep this meeting below 2 hour :D
18:11:40 <AJaeger> My next items are signing contracts, reserving hotels - and making long to do lists ;)
18:12:30 <AJaeger> the location owner is looking right now at how we can have art at the location
18:12:47 <AJaeger> I guess that rlihm and dragotin will make it beautiful ;)
18:13:49 <AJaeger> So, it looks fine so far on our side but I'm not sure we have a complete overview on what we need and therefore might get some surprises coming up.
18:14:03 <AJaeger> But with dragotin, oli etc we're a great team!
18:14:54 <suseROCKs> Anything else?
18:14:59 <AJaeger> dragotin: Anything else?
18:15:01 <AlanClark> "...how we can have art at the location" - could you explain what you mean?
18:15:09 <AlanClark> are you looking to bring in art?
18:15:36 <AlanClark> or are we going to hang suseROCKS and call him art ;-)
18:15:52 <AJaeger> AlanClark: Zentrifuge is an art location. Btw. it's called Zentrifuge since they made washing machines there before - and for washing machines the centrifugal force is needed...
18:16:25 <AJaeger> So, the location organizer knows lots of art folks - and wants to discuss with them how we can make the white walls nice ;)
18:16:41 <AJaeger> So, yes - we want to bring in some art and thus not have a normal conference but a cool one!
18:16:47 <suseROCKs> and pictures of me all over the place isn't nice?
18:16:48 <rhorstkoetter> AlanClark: I may volunteer to actually be art clothed with just a grape leaf
18:16:52 <rhorstkoetter> just kidding
18:17:52 <jospoortvliet> rhorstkoetter: well, no offense to suseROCKs but I would prefer you to be grape-leaf clothed over him. If only because you're smaller and thus easier to cover ;-)
18:17:53 <AJaeger> I'm not sure what kind of art will be there - this is something we have to figure out. But I trust rlihm and dragotin on that aspect!
18:18:29 <jospoortvliet> AJaeger: dragotin any ideas yet on the "after 4 o'clock" thing? Music/DJ stuff?
18:18:37 * AJaeger sometimes thinks that software developers are artists...
18:18:38 * jospoortvliet looks forward to some experimental music at oSC 2011
18:18:41 <rhorstkoetter> jospoortvliet: lol, we can talk about. just depends on salary :p
18:18:42 <AlanClark> I just wondered if you were looking to the community for an action
18:18:51 <jospoortvliet> hehehe
18:18:54 <AJaeger> jospoortvliet: nothing on the after 4 o'clock yet
18:19:05 <jospoortvliet> k
18:19:06 <suseROCKs> Can we keep ths short as jospoortvliet  requested?
18:19:08 <jospoortvliet> no hurry there
18:19:10 <AJaeger> AlanClark: We could also do some kind of community art happening
18:19:29 <AlanClark> AJaeger - ok something we can discuss later
18:19:29 <AJaeger> As soon as we have talked with Zentrifuge, we'll get back to you.
18:19:41 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs is right, this seems on track. I vote for moving on to the next thing on the agenda :D
18:20:05 <AJaeger> Just a note for marketing: The art aspect will give us some good marketing chances - speaking about art and IT...
18:20:27 <suseROCKs> ok next Conference topic is Planning Committee.. starring the great yaloki
18:20:28 <AJaeger> Btw. dragotin wrote a wiki page with details, please check that one.
18:20:31 <suseROCKs> (if he's here)
18:20:53 <suseROCKs> if not,  jospoortvliet  you want to do this topic?
18:21:28 <jospoortvliet> sec
18:21:56 <jospoortvliet> ok, planning committee, what does that mean?
18:21:59 <AJaeger> let me just give a side mark while jospoortvliet is away:
18:22:01 <jospoortvliet> the paper committee?
18:22:11 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,  yes
18:22:17 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: ok
18:22:20 <yaloki> .
18:22:23 <jospoortvliet> AJaeger: go ahead I'll talk after you
18:22:23 <AJaeger> This year's openSUSE conference is together wit hthe SUSE Labs conference - let's speak about that one as well...
18:22:30 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: aah you here, so you can do it
18:22:31 <AJaeger> jospoortvliet: That was all - contineu ;9
18:22:35 <jospoortvliet> ok
18:22:53 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: you do the paper committee report?
18:22:53 * suseROCKs adds AJaeger's suggestion to "Additional" topic at end of current reports
18:22:57 <jospoortvliet> if you've got anything prepared
18:23:13 <jospoortvliet> otherwise I have a big thumb, it can easily come up with something :D
18:23:17 <yaloki> no I don't, had the flu and been working on my backlog, haven't catched up with conference stuff yet
18:23:37 <jospoortvliet> ok
18:23:38 <drago> good evening
18:23:41 <jospoortvliet> let my thumb speak then
18:23:56 <jospoortvliet> so, we got the CfP out, that's a good news thing
18:24:04 <jospoortvliet> I hope you all tweeted and dented that
18:24:08 <jospoortvliet> and put it in your agenda
18:24:16 <jospoortvliet> and added yourself as attending to the group on connect ;-)
18:24:24 <AJaeger> we even have the first three (?) talks submitted
18:24:25 <jospoortvliet> we already received a few mails from interested people
18:24:26 <yaloki> haven't see it relayed on the usual news sites as of now
18:24:32 <yaloki> s/see/seen/
18:24:54 <jospoortvliet> although I did write down eg requirements for the talk only after I thought of it and put it in the speakers guidelines...
18:25:01 <henne> i must say i'm a bit worried about the rwx³ story
18:25:02 <jospoortvliet> not sure if that has been reviewed by the others
18:25:07 <jospoortvliet> but it is reasonably simple
18:25:29 <jospoortvliet> ok henne what is your concern?
18:25:41 <henne> i don't think we have worked this out to the end
18:25:53 <henne> its nothing you can write about
18:25:57 <henne> you know what I mean?
18:26:01 <yaloki> no
18:26:08 <yaloki> you can write heaps about it
18:26:16 <henne> yes its read/write but what does that actually mean?
18:26:17 <tigerfoot> yaloki: -> see project meeting time ?
18:26:24 <jospoortvliet> henne: I kind'a get it. But I think our marketing team can work with it. I think the news.o.o article was OK, right?
18:26:27 <yaloki> tigerfoot: ?
18:26:41 <henne> jospoortvliet: apparently not. nobody picked it up
18:26:44 <drago> jospoortvliet: you know my opinion about it ;-)
18:26:46 <henne> not even the usual suspects
18:26:51 * tigerfoot trouble ... didn't realize in which channel I'm ...
18:26:54 <jospoortvliet> henne: actually, someone did but yes, not major press unfortunately...
18:26:55 <suseROCKs> I've seen several pickups already
18:27:14 <AJaeger> henne: read/write/execute ;)
18:27:15 <jospoortvliet> and frankly, this is way too late to change anything
18:27:18 <drago> henne: it was on heise open
18:27:27 <drago> yes, its too late now
18:27:32 <drago> now we will pull it
18:27:34 <henne> nobody wants to change anything
18:27:36 <prusnak> i also think you can write something about it, read = use distro, write = report bugs, execute = contribute packages and other stuff
18:27:37 <jospoortvliet> we discussed this for a long time, I personally wasn't too happy with it but there was consensus that this would work
18:27:39 <jospoortvliet> so let's work with it
18:27:42 <jospoortvliet> not bikeshed now
18:27:51 <prusnak> it can be expanded in various ways
18:27:51 <yaloki> prusnak: yep
18:27:58 <jospoortvliet> so let's not talk about this please
18:28:00 <jospoortvliet> and move on
18:28:03 <henne> okay
18:28:04 <yaloki> aye
18:28:06 <henne> whatever
18:28:12 <suseROCKs> we can work with it.   Marketing team and others responded positively to the concept.
18:28:12 <jospoortvliet> so are there any other questions about CfP?
18:28:16 <AlanClark> yes
18:28:21 <yaloki> ok, so let's wait a day or two and see whether press picks it up -- if not, I guess we'll have to prod *sigh*
18:28:34 <suseROCKs> but the announcement came rather fast on us so we were a bit unprepared with promoting it.  We're working on that now
18:28:46 <jospoortvliet> btw another bit of info: we have no keynote speakers yet but I believe at least one idea is there and more will come.
18:29:04 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: the announcement was 5 days late compared to what we initially planned on -project 2 weeks ago
18:29:12 <jospoortvliet> see wiki
18:29:16 <AlanClark> I have some ideas on the keynote front, but we should discuss those in a program committee meeting
18:29:19 <drago> yes, it was good to have it out
18:29:26 <drago> AlanClark: +1
18:29:29 <yaloki> AlanClark: +1
18:29:32 <jospoortvliet> planned for 10th, came out on 16th
18:29:41 <jospoortvliet> AlanClark: +1 too
18:30:05 <AJaeger> AlanClark: Let's schedule a program committee meeting...
18:30:07 <suseROCKs> anything else on this topic?
18:30:10 <jospoortvliet> Klaas has promised to update the conference tool
18:30:29 <AlanClark> suseROCKS - before we leave this topic we need to schedule a program meeting
18:30:37 <drago> jospoortvliet: you want me to confirm that again? ;-)
18:30:39 <suseROCKs> sure
18:30:42 <jospoortvliet> drago: no just mention it
18:30:48 <jospoortvliet> AlanClark: what do you mean exactly?
18:30:58 <drago> jospoortvliet: WIP
18:30:59 <jospoortvliet> btw the deadline I sucked out of my thumb for submissions is June 11th
18:31:00 <AlanClark> our last program meeting didn't happen
18:31:08 <AlanClark> so we need to set a date/time for the next one
18:31:16 <yaloki> yep
18:31:17 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   June or July?
18:31:19 <AJaeger> jospoortvliet: So far the program commitee discussed on the mailing list but should meet on irc
18:31:21 <jospoortvliet> AlanClark: what is there to discuss until we have a final list of submissions? Not being critical, just asking
18:31:23 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: june
18:31:28 <yaloki> june? oO
18:31:31 <drago> pls can we do as much as program committee work on mailinglist?
18:31:34 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: 1 month
18:31:36 <yaloki> that's early methinks
18:31:36 <AJaeger> jospoortvliet: Keynote speakers
18:31:42 <AlanClark> we need to decide keynotes, we need to decide how to track cfp's
18:31:45 <drago> no real need for more IRC meetings
18:31:50 <yaloki> but ok, we can still extend it if needed
18:32:14 <suseROCKs> I prefer mailing list as well, but ask everyone on the CFP team to keep close track of the mail so nothing falls into cracks
18:32:17 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: yup
18:32:40 <jospoortvliet> AlanClark: on keynotes. I propose to send ideas to the ML for now
18:32:44 <AlanClark> drago - I'm ok with mailing list for now
18:32:49 <jospoortvliet> on the cfp tracking, we did discuss that a bit now, right?
18:32:51 <jospoortvliet> ok
18:32:57 <jospoortvliet> anything else on this topic?
18:33:04 <yaloki> well we just need a proper list, for tracking
18:33:12 <drago> .o0( jospoortvliet seems to have an appointment later )
18:33:12 <yaloki> a wiki page or google spreadsheet or whatever will do
18:33:16 * jospoortvliet gives the stick back to suseROCKs
18:33:26 <drago> yaloki: mailinglist ist more than proper, right=
18:33:27 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: let's talk about that on the cfp list
18:33:28 <drago> ?
18:33:34 <drago> later have it in the conferenc etool
18:33:36 <yaloki> drago: not really because we'll have to vote on it
18:33:38 <jospoortvliet> and I don't have an appointement but let's keep teamwork in the teams and not with everyone :D
18:33:51 <drago> yaloki: yes, until then we need another solution
18:33:59 <yaloki> drago: at least from my experience with doing exactly that for fosdem, having a proper list helps ;)
18:34:08 <yaloki> drago: once we picked, yes, → conf tool
18:34:11 <drago> I am currently investigating another conference system which has the functionality to vote on
18:34:15 * AJaeger needs to leave for a couple of minutes. I'll be back as quickly as possible...
18:34:28 <yaloki> drago: nah don't bother just for that, a spreadsheet and an IRC meeting will do
18:34:30 <suseROCKs> ok  yaloki  drago   duke it out on the ML
18:34:35 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: +1
18:34:36 <yaloki> okay
18:34:36 <jospoortvliet> next
18:34:42 <suseROCKs> next...  Marketing... which is me
18:34:45 <jospoortvliet> 2c. Marketing (suseROCKs)
18:34:52 <suseROCKs> Gee  thanks jospoortvliet   :-)
18:34:56 <jospoortvliet> :D
18:35:17 <suseROCKs> Anyway, yesterday we had our monthly marketing team meeting and we dedicated it to identifying all the tasks we need to focus on for openSUSE Conference
18:35:35 <suseROCKs> we've built up a pretty good list which I'm now pulling together into a wiki page
18:36:04 <suseROCKs> I should be ready to announce the page by tmw and then get us all up to speed on blitzing the world about the conference until September
18:36:49 <suseROCKs> We've got a pretty good task list so far    just hang in there and I'll publish it to everyone tmw
18:37:27 <suseROCKs> We'll be interacting a lot with the verious teams working on conference so we'll always stay up to date and push  on news
18:37:29 * AJaeger is back
18:37:31 <suseROCKs> that's pretty much it
18:37:42 <AlanClark> suseROCKS - link it to the conference planning page
18:37:52 <drago> suseROCKs: any tasks finished already?
18:37:56 <suseROCKs> AlanClark,   will do once I'm done with it tonight
18:38:21 <suseROCKs> drago,  well we've already announced on some social media sites.  So we're moving forward there...
18:38:40 <drago> suseROCKs: cool
18:38:44 <suseROCKs> and btw, we have a facebook event page, and i would like to ask you all to visit it and encourage your network of riends and colleagues to be invited on that page as well.
18:38:57 <yaloki> url?
18:39:03 <suseROCKs> http://www.facebook.com/#!/event.php?eid=202207046487042
18:39:15 <suseROCKs> we'll be building up on other network sites this week as well.
18:39:45 <suseROCKs> I'm hoping that jospoortvliet plans to go to the conference, but he hasn't RSVP'ed yet.
18:40:13 * yaloki just clicked the "I'm attending" :P
18:40:21 <jospoortvliet> lol
18:40:45 <suseROCKs> ok great... and that's about it for now.   I'll ML the world with the fuller task list tmw
18:40:45 <yaloki> suseROCKs: a "how to promote the conference" post on news or the list would be cool
18:40:48 * prusnak doesn't have FB so can't click
18:41:05 <jospoortvliet> my link to the oSC on connect.o.o in my tweet got over 50 clicks in a few hours and retweets by among others LinuxMag by the way.
18:41:19 * AJaeger didn't know that FB was banned in the Czech Republic ;)
18:41:58 <suseROCKs> ok  That's all for this topic so we can move on to next topic
18:42:24 <suseROCKs> and the next topic is Sponsorship ... and the floor goes to.... izabelvalverde!
18:42:41 <izabelvalverde> here few lines ;-)
18:42:48 <izabelvalverde> First brochure writed and talked by email
18:42:55 <izabelvalverde> We had a conference call last monday (Jos, Izabel, Voljtech, Jiri, AJ - missed Alan)
18:43:03 <izabelvalverde> topics: SUSE Labs past experience and analisys of the oSC Brochure
18:43:09 <izabelvalverde> Next move
18:43:24 <izabelvalverde> 1 - Wait for CfP feedback about Professional and visitors tickets
18:43:29 <izabelvalverde> 2 - review the brochure (values and plans)
18:43:36 <izabelvalverde> 3 - generate a list of companies & contacts we can ask for sponsorship
18:43:43 <izabelvalverde> 4 - Finish the brochure
18:43:46 <izabelvalverde> 5 - start to contact sponsors
18:43:49 <izabelvalverde> done :D
18:43:56 <drago> wow :-)
18:44:16 <henne> professional and visitor tickets?
18:44:16 <izabelvalverde> sorry first experience :)
18:44:20 <AJaeger> drago: no. 5 is the tricky part ;)
18:44:31 <suseROCKs> Do we have values/plans guidellines ready?
18:44:45 <izabelvalverde> henne it's about how much or if we should charge for them
18:44:46 <drago> AJaeger: I know as I was part of desktop summit orga team
18:44:49 <henne> can you please elaborate what those are?
18:45:12 <yaloki> henne: the idea is to offer an "extra pack" for paying "business" (= payed by their boss) participants
18:45:17 <yaloki> henne: it's not required by any means
18:45:17 <drago> AJaeger: actually no 3 is the tricky one
18:45:40 <izabelvalverde> suseROCKs yes we have and still need to be reviewed
18:45:40 <yaloki> henne: but as an incentive for 1) bosses who think confs are worthless if they're free of charge, 2) have a bit of sponsoring that way
18:45:50 <henne> so supporter tickets
18:46:06 <drago> so the 10 € idea is dead? Good. Thought you were kidding actually
18:46:21 <yaloki> dunno whether the 10€ idea is dead
18:46:24 <AJaeger> we still need to figure out how to get the money (accounting wise)
18:46:30 <yaloki> was and still is an idea (and not more at this point), afaik
18:46:31 <henne> the 10€ idea?
18:46:32 <AJaeger> drago: No, not dead yet.
18:46:34 <izabelvalverde> henne drago it's to garantee the intention to attend
18:46:38 <henne> can you maybe elaborate on all of this?
18:46:48 <henne> i mean not everyone is on your phone calls :)
18:47:01 <izabelvalverde> ok
18:47:14 <drago> izabelvalverde: last year we had about 5 wrong subscriptions?
18:47:22 <drago> it was *no* problem at all
18:47:48 <izabelvalverde> we talked about how we will work joining SUSE Labs and openSUSE conference
18:47:51 <drago> and for somebody from india for example 10€ means a lot.
18:48:03 <henne> 10€ means a lot for everybody
18:48:12 <drago> for me the 10€ idea gives a wrong message
18:48:13 <izabelvalverde> after the sponsor plans about what to offer and how much would cost
18:48:27 <jospoortvliet> drago: for someone from india, the trip is the big cost, not the entry fee for 5 days. again, it was an idea. We could easily give a t-shirt with it etc.
18:48:49 <henne> i really like the idea of supporter tickets
18:48:53 <henne> all the good events have some
18:49:00 <henne> but general admission should be free
18:49:01 <drago> supporter tickets +1
18:49:03 <henne> this is not a IT conf
18:49:07 <suseROCKs> I see a better way as calling it a Donation fee   which implies it is not required.
18:49:09 <henne> this is our project meeting
18:49:24 <suseROCKs> But the goal here as stated is to secure the intention to show up.    So donation or not is moot I guess
18:49:25 <yaloki> suseROCKs: hey, don't steal our fosdem way :)
18:49:30 <henne> why would i pay 10€ to see my friends?
18:49:41 <yaloki> suseROCKs: but if there were only 5 of those last year, then that point is moot
18:49:42 <AJaeger> henne: You would get a T-Shirt ;)
18:49:58 <henne> i don't want a t-shirt. i want to see my friends
18:50:00 <suseROCKs> yaloki,   that's what I'm thinking yes.   We might be creating a need where none existed in previous years.
18:50:10 <drago> AJaeger: ask you wife if she wants to see you in *more* IT shirts ;-)
18:50:19 <yaloki> hehehe
18:50:22 <AJaeger> drago: Art T-Shirts ;)
18:50:27 <yaloki> ok, we'll re-think and re-discuss it
18:50:36 <izabelvalverde> so henne your suggestion is supporter tickets
18:50:38 <yaloki> I'll advocate against it then :)
18:50:39 <jospoortvliet> ok so do we have real arguments for and against the €10?  actually, let me ask different. is there any good argument PRO?
18:50:42 * yaloki changed his mind :)
18:50:54 <drago> hmm, or decide against 10€ now to move forward?
18:50:58 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: that is the professional entrance of $350 he means and that is fine with all here as it's a choice
18:51:05 <jospoortvliet> drago: well if there are any pro-arguments
18:51:12 <jospoortvliet> the only one I can think of is to make sure ppl show up.
18:51:15 <yaloki> jospoortvliet: if we did _not_ have issues with registered people who didn't show up last year then there is none
18:51:26 <yaloki> seems we didn't
18:51:29 <yaloki> hence there isn't
18:51:30 <drago> yes, the meeting room wont be so full %-)
18:51:32 <jospoortvliet> I must add one more argument coming out of my trade: if you pay for it it gives often more satisfaction.
18:51:39 <jospoortvliet> think about how it works with buying a CD or downloading music
18:51:43 <izabelvalverde> jospoortvliet at ML someone suggested $200
18:51:44 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,  If its stated as a required fee (the 10 euros) then its a con in my book  If its a suggested donation fee then its a PRO in my book
18:51:47 <henne> izabelvalverde: yes. i think supporter tickets are great. usually you get some different badge, can put stuff up on a grab table, get free catering and admission to social events etc.
18:51:47 <drago> jospoortvliet: man...
18:51:50 <jospoortvliet> but I'm not sure that outweights the other arguments
18:51:51 <suseROCKs> all depends on how you guys are going to word it.
18:51:54 <izabelvalverde> sorry I don't remember who now
18:52:00 <drago> we're not at Mac Donalds, right?
18:52:01 <yaloki> hmm
18:52:08 <drago> we're the cool guys
18:52:08 <jospoortvliet> drago: hehe ok
18:52:19 <yaloki> how about this: 10€ is a donation for a pack with a bag, a t-shirt, …
18:52:35 <yaloki> problem is that we won't know how many to manufacture/ship before the conf
18:52:40 <henne> it doesnt matter what you call it or what you get for it
18:52:46 <henne> either general admission is free or not
18:52:49 <yaloki> henne: donation = not mandatory
18:52:50 <drago> why not have a "Donate here!" box
18:52:52 <jospoortvliet> so it looks like there are no pro arguments for asking a small submission fee so let's drop that idea. Having it as optional donation we can do at the entry... let ppl tick a box they want that and tell em to bring 10 bucks.
18:53:01 <jospoortvliet> only if you ticked that box we reserve something for you
18:53:01 <yaloki> henne: hence no general admission fee
18:53:36 <yaloki> ok so
18:53:36 <izabelvalverde> henne thanks to the contribuition here ;-)
18:53:37 <henne> yaloki: okay so if you want to sell bags and t-shirts do it :)
18:53:42 <yaloki> - no entrance fee
18:53:53 <yaloki> - we'll discuss whether we'll have a donation box or sth similar
18:53:53 <jospoortvliet> any comments on the "let ppl indicate they donate 10 bucks and get a t-shirt at entry, IF they pay there"?
18:53:57 <jospoortvliet> ok
18:54:01 <yaloki> same as fosdem then
18:54:06 <jospoortvliet> +1
18:54:12 <yaloki> support the event → you get that unique and fine t-shirt that proves you support it
18:54:12 <henne> and supporter tickets
18:54:20 <yaloki> henne: yes, that's another topic
18:54:22 <henne> for 199€ or something
18:54:23 <tigerfoot> create the foundation and be ready to receive money at that date !
18:55:01 <suseROCKs> guys...  let me ask you a question... is the "donation fee" intended to raise a few bucks for us (for possibly next year)   If so, does the bribe of a tshirt justify 10?  or should it be higher like 15?
18:55:01 <jospoortvliet> henne: we have set a price of $350 or eur 250
18:55:05 <jospoortvliet> anyway, that's details
18:55:14 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: details too
18:55:15 <henne> yeah. details
18:55:20 <henne> but deliver something for it
18:55:21 <jospoortvliet> let the sponsorship team figure the amounts out
18:55:33 <henne> and i don't mean a t-shirt :)
18:55:34 <yaloki> yeah, we'll have to find value to give in return
18:55:40 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,    it makes a difference.  if you intend it as a fundraising then it impacts our support of your plan
18:55:40 <henne> catering
18:55:41 <yaloki> henne: no, we thought of two
18:55:42 <yaloki> :D
18:55:57 <suseROCKs> so come back to us with the details then  :-D
18:56:06 <jospoortvliet> on that topic, in case it was not clear, we have a good draft of the sponsorship brochure with reasonable package prices and so on. It needs some design work and review but otherwise we're almost ready to start sending them out.
18:56:08 <izabelvalverde> suseROCKs we didn't mention fundraise
18:56:40 <suseROCKs> it was mentioned in this discussion here... as donation
18:56:41 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: we'll discuss it at CfP what that potential donation should be, is that OK?
18:56:42 <suseROCKs> anyway...
18:56:51 <rhorstkoetter> what about the "get a t-shirt in return idea" coupled with a "self-defined" donation?
18:57:04 <jospoortvliet> CfP here standing for the to-be-created planning team ML :D
18:57:08 <suseROCKs> back to sponsorship itself...   When can we get the details of the plans for that  so we can all reach out to our contacts?
18:57:12 <rhorstkoetter> i.e. every donor supporting it pays the amount he/she likes?
18:57:14 <jospoortvliet> rhorstkoetter: that would also work
18:57:27 <yaloki> as I said, like fosdem
18:57:35 <yaloki> min 25 EUR and you get a t-shirt
18:57:39 <rhorstkoetter> I feel that a better approach than nailing down an exact price
18:57:40 <henne> and what do we do with that money?
18:57:43 <drago> yaloki: everything is like FOSDEM :-)
18:57:46 <henne> september is close
18:58:06 <yaloki> henne: yeah, without a foundation … erm...
18:58:06 <izabelvalverde> suseROCKs soon we have the feedback neeeded and finished we'll make it public here
18:58:15 <jospoortvliet> henne: it won't be a lot on a total budget of 50-100.000 anyway
18:58:19 <henne> i mean not how do we want to spend it but how to "book it"
18:58:24 <rhorstkoetter> yaloki: I'd even leave out the min border
18:58:27 <drago> maybe we can deal something with the zentrifuge foundation?
18:58:32 <rhorstkoetter> just my 0.02$
18:58:36 <jospoortvliet> henne: let AlanClark figure that out pls or we could donate it to zentrifuge :D
18:58:38 <AlanClark> henne - I'll figure out how to "book it"
18:58:45 <henne> ok
18:58:54 <yaloki> rhorstkoetter: well it works great for fosdem with 25€ ;)
18:58:56 <drago> not really donate, but have them managing it until we have the foundation
18:59:12 <izabelvalverde> I believe in a week we'll have the sponsorship brochure ready
18:59:38 <henne> are we ready to take money then?
18:59:42 <tigerfoot> izabelvalverde: cool, keep beating
18:59:43 <AlanClark> izabelvalverde, great work!
18:59:50 <henne> in a week i mean
18:59:56 * drago applauds at izabelvalverde
19:00:00 <jospoortvliet> drago: yaloki henne let's table that, ppl, AlanClark said he'd take care of the taking of money and the sponsorship ppl come up with a reasonable proposal
19:00:05 <jospoortvliet> this turns into bikeshedding
19:00:07 <jospoortvliet> let's move on
19:00:11 <jospoortvliet> and yes, applause for izabelvalverde
19:00:18 <yaloki> a'ight
19:00:24 <yaloki> izabelvalverde: kudos
19:00:30 <rhorstkoetter> yaloki: may work great but production of a t-shirt may cost a few bucks and I'm pretty sure you lose some amount of potential donations with a min border
19:00:31 <AlanClark> izabelvalverde, is there another meeting, or discussing in ML?
19:00:32 <suseROCKs> next topic then...
19:00:38 <izabelvalverde> AlanClark tigerfoot thanks :)
19:00:38 <henne> i wonder what this meeting is for...
19:00:50 <henne> its apparently not to inform yourself of the conference planing
19:01:08 <henne> so what am I'm doing here?
19:01:25 <AlanClark> henne, join the committees
19:01:29 <drago> henne: you feel lost? We're your family ;-)
19:01:32 <izabelvalverde> AlanClark after your and other review and inputs we can set up if necessary
19:01:46 <rhorstkoetter> henne: currently it's a discussion about perfect price discrimination :p
19:01:47 <henne> AlanClark: so its only useful for committees?
19:01:54 <AlanClark> izabelvalverde, I'll catch up on emails
19:02:04 <henne> cool then i can leave :)
19:02:24 <suseROCKs> ok next topic then is SUSELabs which is added by AJaeger
19:03:06 <jospoortvliet> henne: you want to discuss every bloody detail here? like a minimum donation level? I'm sorry, I thought you disliked bikeshedding as much as anyone?
19:03:13 <tigerfoot> henne: just be sure we will have enough old Toast please... And I can make donation for that ...
19:03:22 * drago loves to remember the zentralcommittee lead by brezhnev
19:03:39 <AJaeger> I just wanted to point that the SUSE Labs join us - and I expect we figure out details in the program committtee
19:03:40 <yaloki> what about SUSElabs?
19:03:48 <henne> jospoortvliet: i don't want to bikeshed. this is the project meeting. its supposed to inform people
19:03:56 <yaloki> AJaeger: tbh, I don't care, except that they'll take up rooms
19:04:05 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: this does not need to be an extra topic
19:04:16 <AJaeger> yaloki: I guess one track - and some more visitors ;)
19:04:29 <yaloki> if their sessions are closed, it's just an annoyance in my book :P
19:04:34 <henne> jospoortvliet: repeating what you have had phone calls about and not answering questions is very un-informative
19:04:38 <drago> more kernel and base topics and talks
19:04:41 <jospoortvliet> henne: ok so we had a q: should we ask money. THe suggestion was: ask a donation. We said ok, we'll discuss a reasonable amount and come back. So let's table it then, instead of keep talking...
19:04:43 <drago> we had only a few last time
19:04:57 <izabelvalverde> henne we're trying to deal with it best as we can to later give a better feedback
19:04:59 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,  ok  you suggested it earlier, but we can remove it then.
19:05:01 <yaloki> drago: okay
19:05:24 <suseROCKs> Are therre additional areas to cover on the subject of Conference?  If not, we have moved along quite well and can return to our regular meeting agenda with time to spare!
19:05:54 <suseROCKs> From the looks of things, it seems like we are good to go...
19:05:59 <henne> jospoortvliet: we were discussing 3 things thats involve money. entry fees, donations from individuals for t-shirts and donations from corporate sponsors
19:06:03 <jospoortvliet> the point about SUSE labs is simply: the will be there; they will have closed sessions; they are important for our sponsorship money as sponsors are willing to pay to enter the closed sessions. And any SUSE Labs session which can be open will be open as usual.
19:06:21 <yaloki> jospoortvliet: ok
19:06:22 <henne> jospoortvliet: we have discussed the first point and the second and third you call bike shedding
19:06:27 <henne> but whatever
19:06:28 <jospoortvliet> questions are more than welcome
19:06:29 <yaloki> henne: it did sound like most of the sessions would be closed
19:06:54 <suseROCKs> Thank you all on the Conference teams for your hard work so far.
19:07:02 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: that's not the goal. it will be more like 1-2 days worth of 1 room sessions, they guessed.
19:07:10 <drago> jospoortvliet: I think we can make more out of the Labs here
19:07:20 <jospoortvliet> drago: like what?
19:07:52 <jospoortvliet> drago: and should we discuss it here or on the CfP list?
19:07:52 <drago> they bring us rock stars
19:07:52 <jospoortvliet> (as in - is it worth bothering everyone with)
19:07:57 <jospoortvliet> drago: yup that is right
19:08:03 <drago> yes, we need an AI to have somebody convincing one or two of them helping in organization
19:08:08 <jospoortvliet> drago: the open sessions esp will be talked up by our marketing, I would guess :D
19:08:17 <drago> I mean, they are all experienced people, like Matz or Greg KH
19:08:41 <jospoortvliet> drago: LABS has someone on the paper committee; they are helping with the sponsoring. What else would be required? (again, not being sceptical, just asking)
19:08:42 <drago> you WANT them helping us upfront
19:09:01 <drago> just have one or two of them with the core orga team
19:09:15 <AJaeger> yaloki: I doubt we close the complete track
19:09:23 <jospoortvliet> we could easily ask greg for example
19:09:28 <drago> and furthermore I don't see why we should organize the conference for them...
19:09:42 <drago> so, first work, than party, you know?
19:10:09 <drago> so I recommend to have AJ approching Voitech to have two guys appointed
19:10:41 <jospoortvliet> drago: that makes perfect sense
19:10:44 <jospoortvliet> AJaeger: you +1 on that?
19:10:48 <AlanClark> drago +1
19:11:11 * AlanClark willing to help AJ with that
19:11:16 <AJaeger> drago: Matz is part of CFP team already
19:11:28 <drago> AJaeger: I know, but not enough. Pull Greg in
19:11:32 <drago> for example
19:11:47 <AlanClark> will Matz help with the program ?
19:11:48 <drago> I know, they're busy, not interested yadda yadda
19:11:50 <drago> but still
19:12:06 <AJaeger> drago: They are interested and will help when we as kthem.
19:12:12 <AJaeger> So, where do we need help most?
19:12:28 <jospoortvliet> it is 21:11 and I hear a housemate screaming that it is getting cold downstairs. Do we have important topics left or can I be excused?
19:12:55 <AJaeger> AlanClark: Matz will help with the program
19:13:08 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,  you may be excused
19:13:28 <drago> I can also take the AI talk to Vojtech, no prob
19:13:44 <AJaeger> drago: I'll approach Vojtech, no problem - but I want specific tasks first ;)
19:13:57 <AlanClark> Ajaeger - I missed the sponsor call, are they participating in gathering sponsors?
19:13:59 <AJaeger> drago: Let's discuss tomorrow a bit where we need help.
19:14:06 <drago> AJaeger: no, as we do not see all tasks now, you know?
19:14:17 <AJaeger> AlanClark: Vojtech and Jiri were part of the calls...
19:14:18 <drago> and we will have tons of work
19:14:22 <suseROCKs> ok  this stuff can be further discussed on ML...  can't it?
19:14:25 <drago> for example: Fix up the wiki
19:14:27 <drago> and such
19:14:33 <AJaeger> drago: Let's discuss tomorrow how to do it best - I hear you...
19:14:38 <drago> k
19:14:50 <suseROCKs> we have 45 mins left in this meeting and the opportunity to actually return to regular agenda if you wish.  Or we can continue our meeting 100% on conference.  Up to you guys!
19:14:51 <AlanClark> thanks AJ
19:15:07 <AlanClark> next topic
19:15:34 <suseROCKs> ok we have nothing else to cover on Conference stuff...  Let's move on to regular agenda
19:15:58 <suseROCKs> Here's the remaining agenda 3. Project Status Reports (15 minutes)
19:15:58 <suseROCKs> 4. Old Action Items (10 minutes)
19:15:58 <suseROCKs> 5. Trademark Permissions (5 minutes)
19:15:58 <suseROCKs> 6. Where do we need to improve? (20 minutes)
19:15:58 <suseROCKs> 7. Q&A (30 minutes)
19:16:16 <suseROCKs> #topic openSUSE Project+Board Meeting | Topic: Status Reports
19:16:31 <suseROCKs> Is there anyone here who wants to give a quick status report on their team(s)?
19:16:39 <izabelvalverde> suseROCKs I'll leave now my part is done :)
19:16:48 <suseROCKs> ok izabelvalverde   and thanks for your contribution
19:17:34 <suseROCKs> ok no one is here to give status reports.  Excellent, we can cross off that topic  :-)
19:17:51 <yaloki> packman? :)
19:18:01 <AJaeger> The obs team send one via email - but that's the only one I noticed
19:18:16 <suseROCKs> yaloki,  ok  you got something to say about Packman?
19:18:31 <yaloki> we're going to drop 11.2 as it's EOL and I started to work on packaging for Evergreen 11.2
19:18:52 <yaloki> also, our issues with build.o.o are solved now, after a few weeks of major breakage, hence everything is pretty much back to normal
19:18:58 <yaloki> EOF
19:19:18 <suseROCKs> oh crap...  I forgot to draft up Marcus's EOL announcement for news.o.o.   /me puts it on his todo to do ASAP
19:19:32 <yaloki> http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-security-announce/2011-05/msg00003.html
19:20:08 <AJaeger> yaloki: Evergreen for each release?
19:20:21 <yaloki> AJaeger: I don't know, but someone is doing evergreen for 11.2
19:20:32 <yaloki> Stefan Lijewski
19:20:55 <AJaeger> yaloki: I'm only aware of evergreen for 11.1 but have not seen any discussions for 11.2 yet .
19:21:14 <yaloki> well stefan contacted me for packman for it, he said he's going to maintain E112
19:21:25 <yaloki> and it's already on the OBS
19:21:35 <wolfiR> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Evergreen_11.2
19:21:46 <yaloki> omg it's a wolfiR ! :D
19:22:12 <AJaeger> wolfiR: Thanks!
19:22:41 <wolfiR> I couldn't stop Stefan from trying it so ...
19:22:47 <suseROCKs> wolfiR,   Perhaps you have a general status update on Evergreen before we move on?
19:23:31 <wolfiR> so far basically everything's green for Evergreen but it's quite some work still as contributions are _looooooow_
19:24:16 <suseROCKs> we definitely need more people with OBS expertise to increase contributions  :-/
19:24:30 <suseROCKs> too bad we didn't succeed to have that OBS Documentation Day back in December
19:24:33 <wolfiR> I'm still a SPOF unfortunately
19:24:38 <suseROCKs> SPOF?
19:24:45 <wolfiR> single point of failure
19:25:17 <suseROCKs> ok let's come up with ideas to get more people involved in that afterward
19:25:17 <AJaeger> it's called evergreen - so it has to be green ;) SCNR
19:25:43 <tigerfoot> it's a cool subject for a workshop at OSC Evergreen
19:25:57 <yaloki> yup
19:26:01 <suseROCKs> or just a workshop to increase awareness of OBS in general\
19:26:27 <suseROCKs> more OBS experts equal more people that can contribute to Evergreen, Tumbleweed and anything else
19:26:50 <suseROCKs> and its definitely a subject matter that's discussed on CFP team this week
19:27:11 <suseROCKs> ok moving along as we have 30 minutes left...
19:27:20 <suseROCKs> I see there are no other status reports so we move on to AI's
19:27:32 <suseROCKs> #topic openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic: Action Items
19:27:58 <suseROCKs> For our list of action items, please see  http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items
19:28:27 <suseROCKs> Two action items belong to henne
19:28:50 <suseROCKs> henne,    Any updates on those?
19:29:22 <suseROCKs> henne, seems to have gone to the little boys room
19:30:39 <suseROCKs> ok let's move on to Board Action Items
19:30:40 <suseROCKs> https://bugzilla.novell.com/buglist.cgi?bug_status=NEW&bug_status=ASSIGNED&bug_status=NEEDINFO&bug_status=REOPENED&classification=openSUSE&component=Board&product=openSUSE.org&query_format=advanced&order=bug_severity,assigned_to,nov_sr_count%20DESC,bug_id%20DESC&query_based_on=
19:30:48 <yaloki> fuglyurlalert!
19:30:48 <yaloki> :)
19:30:51 <suseROCKs> First item is AlanClark   How's that comiin along?
19:31:00 <suseROCKs> yaloki,  it woke ou up  :-)
19:31:28 <AlanClark> I sent out an email to the foundation list, based on this 'bug'
19:31:41 <suseROCKs> yaloki,   for you...   http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais
19:31:53 <yaloki> :)
19:31:57 <AlanClark> will do more on this, once the conference gets further along
19:32:30 <suseROCKs> ok AlanClark   Can you add updates to that bug report so we know where things are?
19:32:41 <AlanClark> yup will do
19:33:05 <suseROCKs> ok the next two board AI's are henne's and mrdocs_   Neither seem to be here
19:33:14 <suseROCKs> so we'll move on to the last one... prusnak   still alive?
19:33:18 <prusnak> yep
19:33:26 <suseROCKs> any progress on the user search?
19:33:33 <prusnak> no progress
19:33:35 <prusnak> unfortunately
19:33:52 <suseROCKs> very well.
19:34:00 <rhorstkoetter> btw bugzilla
19:34:01 <yaloki> hm
19:34:15 <suseROCKs> yes rhorstkoetter?
19:34:17 <rhorstkoetter> what's the actual status of google indexing of opensuse bugs?
19:34:42 <rhorstkoetter> we discussed this some months ago and then it suddenly disappeared
19:35:11 <yaloki> dunno whether it's indexed by the CSE at search.opensuse.org
19:35:31 <yaloki> mmmm seems it isn't
19:35:46 <rhorstkoetter> google indexing wouldbe important for users
19:35:50 <suseROCKs> So maybe we should push for that?
19:35:51 <yaloki> rhorstkoetter: well you can always just use "site:bugzilla.novell.com"
19:36:05 <yaloki> so we should poke brandon to add it to search.o.o
19:36:10 <rhorstkoetter> that's the very first place people are looking for answers on common error messages
19:36:16 <suseROCKs> prusnak,   what do you think?
19:36:44 <suseROCKs> rhorstkoetter,   actually I tend to think the first place a lot of people look is forums
19:36:49 <rhorstkoetter> yaloki: not if robots.txt doesn't allow google index
19:36:55 <suseROCKs> but regardless...  we should have better indexing and thus increased google presence.  I agree
19:36:58 <yaloki> done
19:37:13 <suseROCKs> what's done?
19:37:14 <yaloki> I've sent an email to brandon to ask him to add it to the CSE
19:37:18 <rhorstkoetter> suseROCKs: partly true IMO
19:37:43 <suseROCKs> ok so should we open this up as a bug report to keep track of this issue?
19:37:44 <rhorstkoetter> if I get a suspicious error message, first stop always is google
19:37:54 <rhorstkoetter> I then may end up in a forum
19:38:01 <rhorstkoetter> or in launchpad
19:38:06 <yaloki> hmmm
19:38:08 <suseROCKs> :-)
19:38:15 <yaloki> site:bugzilla.novell.com gives.. few.. results indeed...
19:38:22 <rhorstkoetter> but I won't end up in novell bugzilla although people may discussiing it there
19:38:24 <prusnak> btw i talked with greg & co. who were trying to setup own opensuse bugzilla instance
19:38:25 <yaloki> dammit
19:38:31 <yaloki> prusnak: \o/
19:38:36 <yaloki> but why bugzilla? argh
19:38:36 <yaloki> ;)
19:38:53 <rhorstkoetter> this is IMO unfortunate for users, thus we discussed this previously and I'm just curious about the current status
19:38:54 <prusnak> but they have to wait to see what role will novell bugzilla take now
19:39:04 <suseROCKs> rhorstkoetter,    your point is already made  :-)
19:39:18 <rhorstkoetter> prusnak: interesting info
19:39:27 <yaloki> rhorstkoetter: sure, I think we all agree our searchability is awful
19:39:43 <suseROCKs> prusnak,   I was wondering that now myself.   SUSE vs Novell separate business units.  A lot of data separation coming up I would think
19:40:28 <prusnak> yaloki: we can talk to greg about it, we might come with better solution that bugzilla
19:40:34 <suseROCKs> So there may in fact be some obstacles over the next few months before we can actually work on concrete solutions, I guess
19:40:45 <prusnak> but as i've said they want to wait and see what will happen to novell bugzilla
19:40:52 <yaloki> sure
19:41:20 <suseROCKs> yaloki,  this may be a silver lining though.   With things being re-organized, we may finally be able to address long-standing issues from the ground up
19:41:25 <rhorstkoetter> makes sense
19:42:08 <rhorstkoetter> prusnak: if you're slightly involved in the process of creating new bugzilla, may you keep an eye on searchability while being involved there please?
19:42:34 <suseROCKs> yaloki,  prusnak  we should probably consider having an infrastructure BoF at conference
19:42:40 <yaloki> yup
19:42:43 <yaloki> I'll file one
19:42:48 <rhorstkoetter> afaik it's just an allow/deny in robots.txt
19:42:49 <yaloki> or on searchability, at least
19:43:00 <prusnak> there is no process of creating new bugzilla at the moment, we want to see what the officials plans will be
19:43:11 <yaloki> rhorstkoetter: well the master plan would be to have our own proper search implemented across our tools
19:43:23 <prusnak> but i hope greg & co. will join us at the conference so we can discuss this topic there
19:43:26 <yaloki> but we digress
19:43:38 <suseROCKs> prusnak,   sure  and hopeully we'll have a better idea of that by Sept (hopefully) and can actually make realistic concrete proposals
19:43:48 <suseROCKs> right now... we're shooting in the dark a bit
19:44:17 <suseROCKs> ok I think we beat up this topic enough...
19:44:50 <suseROCKs> We have 15 minutes and two remaining topics:  Where do we fail and Q&A... I'm going to combine it right now
19:45:00 <suseROCKs> and if no one speaks up within 3 minutes, I'm closing the meeting!
19:45:13 <rhorstkoetter> yaloki: certainly right but not the most important thing from a user perspective. for knowledged/involved people yes, for the average user google optimization is the way to boost general appearance/visibility IMO. what do you think?
19:45:23 <yaloki> rhorstkoetter: I disagree
19:45:27 <suseROCKs> #topic openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic:  Q&A and Suggestions, etc.
19:45:33 <yaloki> rhorstkoetter: google just shows blunt stupid html excerpts
19:45:48 <yaloki> rhorstkoetter: with real search you can do a lot more, and also make it a lot more useful, also for less experienced users
19:46:02 <yaloki> rhorstkoetter: e.g. link things across different tools too
19:46:05 <rhorstkoetter> yaloki: unexperienced people don't use it
19:46:09 <rhorstkoetter> they use google
19:46:26 <yaloki> let's agree to disagree then
19:46:28 <rhorstkoetter> we need to reach the people where they actually are. IMO
19:46:33 <rhorstkoetter> certainly
19:46:46 <suseROCKs> rhorstkoetter,   sure.  But I think yaloki's argument isn't about searchability but what gets searched and how it gets indexed in a clearer way
19:47:20 <yaloki> well you can have much richer information and results, more than just an HTML excerpt
19:47:41 <rhorstkoetter> suseROCKs: yaloki certainly is right but he IMO has the wrong startegy to improve visibility
19:48:16 <yaloki> rhorstkoetter: note that when you make things properly indexable, you also work on making it more SEO friendly
19:48:35 <warlordfff> λοστ ιτ?
19:48:36 <rhorstkoetter> an internal well-designed search tool is very much appreciated but it won't help to bring "outsiders" into the channels
19:48:38 <yaloki> but as said, let's keep that for a session on topic :)
19:48:40 <warlordfff> lost it?
19:49:24 <AlanClark> suseROCKS - I'm not seeing any Q/A....
19:49:33 <yaloki> let's close it then :)
19:49:35 <suseROCKs> AlanClark,   I'm ready to wrap up indeed
19:49:49 * suseROCKs puts a muzzle on yaloki and rhorstkoetter  and proceeds to shut down...
19:49:58 <yaloki> just kill -TERM us :)
19:50:03 <rhorstkoetter> +1
19:50:06 <suseROCKs> thank you all for a great meeting and see you all in two weeks
19:50:16 <yaloki> o/
19:50:16 * suseROCKs shuts down and leaves warlordfff alone in the dark here...
19:50:22 <suseROCKs> #endmeeting