<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by suseROCKs at 18:05:53 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-07-13-18.05.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Project + Board Meeting in progress ] Topic:  Old Action Items</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-07-13-18.05.log.html#l-32'>suseROCKs</a>, 18:11:44)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Bug 691779 to be reassigned to henne</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-07-13-18.05.log.html#l-74'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:24:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">cboltz to add ETA to bug 682098</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-07-13-18.05.log.html#l-76'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:24:54)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Project + Board meeting in progress | Topic:  openSUSE Strategy</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-07-13-18.05.log.html#l-107'>suseROCKs</a>, 18:35:28)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">openSUSE Strategy voting poll will offficially
    close on July 14.   We will then review results and determine from
    there</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-07-13-18.05.log.html#l-207'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:00:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Project + Board Meeting in progress | Topic: openSUSE Conference Planning</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-07-13-18.05.log.html#l-210'>suseROCKs</a>, 19:00:34)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">suseROCKs is excited to see the Team moving
    forward next week</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-07-13-18.05.log.html#l-249'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:10:46)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Alan_Clark to
    send out a meeting proposal to the CFP team to meet on 20-July at
    15:00 UTC pending agreement by team members</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-07-13-18.05.log.html#l-280'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:19:12)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Project + Board meeting in progress | Topic: permissions@</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-07-13-18.05.log.html#l-334'>suseROCKs</a>, 19:30:29)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Project + Board meeting in progress | Where do we need to improve?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-07-13-18.05.log.html#l-385'>suseROCKs</a>, 19:45:14)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://bit.ly/opensuse_improve">http://bit.ly/opensuse_improve</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-07-13-18.05.log.html#l-389'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:46:28)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">robjo1  to
    propose "Where can we improve?" BoF for openSUSE Conference</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-07-13-18.05.log.html#l-499'>suseROCKs</a>,
    20:12:48)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:29:14 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-07-13-18.05.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Alan_Clark to send out a meeting proposal to the CFP team to meet on 20-July at 15:00 UTC pending agreement by team members</li>
  <li>robjo1  to propose "Where can we improve?" BoF for openSUSE Conference</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> Alan_Clark <ol>
    <li>Alan_Clark to send out a meeting proposal to the CFP team to meet on 20-July at 15:00 UTC pending agreement by team members</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> robjo1 <ol>
    <li>robjo1  to propose "Where can we improve?" BoF for openSUSE Conference</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs (225)</li>
  <li>henne (147)</li>
  <li>Alan_Clark (74)</li>
  <li>dragotin (44)</li>
  <li>rhorstkoetter (34)</li>
  <li>robjo1 (20)</li>
  <li>cboltz (14)</li>
  <li>bugbot (10)</li>
  <li>mrdocs (2)</li>
  <li>d1g1tltom (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
