18:09:00 <henne> #startmeeting
18:09:00 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed May  4 18:09:00 2011 UTC.  The chair is henne. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
18:09:00 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
18:09:10 <henne> #meetingtopic openSUSE Project Meeting
18:09:23 <henne> Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!
18:09:30 <henne> This meeting is meant to discuss the latest developments in and around openSUSE.
18:09:35 <henne> The topics for this meeting are:
18:09:45 <henne> 1. Old Action Items (30 minutes)
18:09:53 <henne> 2. Status Reports (15 minutes)
18:10:01 <henne> 3. permission@ requests (5 minutes)
18:10:07 <henne> 4. Where do we need to improve? (15 minutes)
18:10:14 <henne> 5. Questions & Answers (30 minutes)
18:10:29 <henne> so the standard agenda! lets roll :)
18:10:37 <henne> First let's check where we are.
18:10:50 <henne> #topic Old Action Items
18:11:03 <henne> Project action items you can find in bugzilla with this link. http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items
18:11:44 <henne> Bug #685648
18:11:44 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 685648 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "2011 openSUSE Conference Program Committee planning" [Major,Assigned] https://bugzilla.novell.com/685648
18:12:08 <henne> i think its save to say that this is done right?
18:12:12 <mrdocs> henne: sorry im late.. packing for N.A.
18:12:22 <mrdocs> bbiab
18:12:33 <AlanClark> not sure that we have suseROCKs.  But the program committtee has started meeting.
18:12:52 <henne> so lets close this one
18:13:08 <AlanClark> yes
18:13:30 <henne> then we have Bug #682098
18:13:30 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 682098 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Decide how we go forward with contributor gifts." [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/682098
18:13:45 <henne> AJaeger_away?
18:13:50 <AlanClark> I'd like to focus a major part of the May 18 meeting on  oSC
18:13:56 <henne> i wonder what that _away in his nick has to say? 8)
18:14:20 <henne> the may 18 meeting?
18:14:31 <AlanClark> the next project meeting
18:14:38 <AlanClark> whatever the date is....
18:14:46 <henne> ah
18:14:57 <henne> i thought conference meeting
18:15:19 <henne> well the agenda is open...
18:15:49 <henne> does anyone else know about the progress on the contributor gifts story?
18:16:13 <manugupt1> henne: to be decided by aj only lotsof idea have popped though
18:16:14 <AlanClark> no, let's leave this one
18:16:34 <henne> k
18:16:56 <henne> Bug #685649
18:16:56 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 685649 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "reminder mail text" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/685649
18:17:10 <henne> i didn't came around to do this. pushed to next meeting
18:17:45 <henne> Bug #676696
18:17:45 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 676696 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Produce KDE promo DVD/CD sleeve" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/676696
18:17:54 <henne> and Bug #676695
18:17:54 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 676695 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Produce KDE promo DVD/CD iso" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/676695
18:18:00 <henne> are done. i saw the result :)
18:19:09 <henne> i'll pack them tomorrow so we can take them to linuxtag
18:19:49 <AlanClark> I'm sure you'll get of requests for them.
18:19:50 <henne> okay thats it for project AIs
18:19:59 <henne> Board action items you can find in bugzilla with this link. http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais
18:20:27 <henne> yeah i hope this flies!
18:20:53 <henne> if it does we should think about other project that could benefit from DVD's like that
18:21:36 <AlanClark> I agree.  I know that AJ runs into distribution issues and expense. But it's a great idea.
18:22:16 <henne> yeah but those issues are more about our dvds right?
18:23:13 <henne> not the GNOME or KDE ones
18:23:18 <AlanClark> not always.  I talked to a Gnome guy at a conference over the weekend.  He would love to have had the dvd's that we created, but Gnome hasn't gotten them to him yet.
18:23:41 <AlanClark> They're still working on how to distribute them....
18:23:54 <henne> ah yeah well thats their problem right? ;)
18:24:07 <henne> anyway. we're getting side-tracked
18:24:16 <AlanClark> right - the point is that people do want them :-)
18:24:26 <henne> i wonder if anyone other then you is here anyway ;)
18:24:54 <henne> okay lets jog on
18:25:07 <henne> Board action items you can find in bugzilla with this link. http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais
18:25:13 <henne> Bug #685654
18:25:13 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 685654 in openSUSE.org (Board) "Webinar/Visit" [Major,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/685654
18:25:44 <henne> did that happen in april?
18:26:07 <AlanClark> no, mrdocs any update?
18:27:02 <AlanClark> no that the merger is complete.  I can work with Attachmate to set this up.
18:27:32 <AlanClark> I'll work with mrdocs on this action item.
18:27:53 <henne> okay
18:28:19 <henne> any ETA?
18:28:43 <henne> guesstimate :)
18:29:10 <AlanClark> Let's put a date for a date of  May 12
18:29:18 <henne> k
18:29:31 <AlanClark> so by May 12 we will have a webinar date
18:29:41 <henne> okidoki
18:30:06 <henne> Bug #685652
18:30:06 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 685652 in openSUSE.org (Board) "Member Welcome Mail" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/685652
18:30:44 <henne> also dropped on my TODO sorry
18:30:50 <vuntz> (AlanClark: again, for the conference last week-end, we can't blame the foundation: we sent the DVDs straight to this person)
18:31:14 <henne> vuntz: you can always be blamed. youre vuntz
18:31:54 <henne> i'll see what happens with Bug #685651
18:31:54 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 685651 in openSUSE.org (Board) "Membership Process" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/685651
18:31:54 <henne> and do it afterwards
18:31:54 * vuntz is happy to be blamed and goes back to cooking (and missing the meeting :/)
18:32:17 <prusnak> i wrote an email to membership approval team about the new process and updated the wiki accordingly
18:32:17 <henne> prusnak: did you get around to do that?
18:32:27 <henne> so this is done. cool
18:32:39 <prusnak> basically i removed points that mentioned users.o.o and replaced them with counterparts in connect.o.o
18:32:43 <henne> look like i have to do mine tomorrow then...
18:33:14 <prusnak> there are some rough points with connect UI but i guess we'll live with that for now
18:33:42 <henne> yeah there where rought points in the users UI so...
18:34:12 <henne> leaves one AI. Bug #670590
18:34:12 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 670590 in openSUSE.org (Board) "user search for bugzilla" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/670590
18:34:28 <prusnak> this one is stalled
18:34:50 <henne> yeah lets see what the mergers does with it
18:35:00 <prusnak> i was told to contact bugzilla committee but christiah boltz correctly pointed out that they already agreed with that in 2007
18:35:26 <prusnak> so i asked again to apply this change
18:36:12 <d1g1tltom> prusnak: for the membership process: can we shut down users.o.o then?
18:36:27 <dragotin> good eve
18:36:49 <henne> d1g1tltom: how about redirecting? :)
18:37:31 <d1g1tltom> henne: we should do that
18:37:32 <prusnak> d1g1tltom: good idea, redirect seems nice
18:38:04 <d1g1tltom> ok i'll push this and get connect into the bento navigation
18:38:29 <henne> cool
18:38:45 <henne> oh i missed one AI
18:39:05 <henne> Bug #670594
18:39:05 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 670594 in openSUSE.org (Board) "Write an announcement about the new process of creating the foundation." [Critical,Assigned] https://bugzilla.novell.com/670594
18:39:05 <AlanClark> d1g1tltom any guess when you have this complete - I want to try going through the process
18:39:09 <d1g1tltom> but there's quite some noise in the membership team about the complicated process and the split in 2 tools
18:39:33 <henne> split in 2 tools?
18:39:44 <prusnak> retro + connect
18:39:48 <henne> ah
18:39:58 <d1g1tltom> AlanClark: should be done till end of week, but you can go through the process already now
18:39:59 <henne> well it was 2 tools before right?
18:40:27 <henne> this sounds like a perfect application for group polls
18:41:15 <manugupt1> Can I say something?
18:41:21 <henne> try it
18:41:28 <henne> :)
18:41:30 <manugupt1> Please reply to mails :)
18:41:37 <henne> ?
18:41:48 <manugupt1> The one about foundation
18:42:01 <manugupt1> I expected a reply even it is pushed late
18:42:24 <manugupt1> on the foundation list
18:42:29 <henne> manugupt1: can you be a little bit more specific?
18:42:36 <manugupt1> one sec henne
18:42:56 <manugupt1> henne: http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-foundation/2011-04/msg00000.html
18:42:57 <manugupt1> this one
18:43:02 <prusnak> henne: some people asked about the state of the foundation on opensuse-foundation ML
18:43:12 <henne> yep i know
18:43:15 <prusnak> also asked on IRC and I told him to wait for your announcement
18:43:19 <AlanClark> manugupt1, I'll  go look for the thread and respond to it.
18:43:45 <manugupt1> AlanClark: I mean it does not look good honestly
18:44:06 <manugupt1> No offence over here
18:44:08 <AlanClark> I must have missed it while traveling...
18:44:46 <manugupt1> Thanks..
18:45:19 <AlanClark> henne, let me make a couple comments on the Foundation.
18:45:31 <henne> shoot
18:45:42 <AlanClark> thanks
18:46:54 <AlanClark> The merger has slowed the process, particularly the area of the bylaws.  We should be able to get that back on track in a couple weeks.  But we have 2 items that we should be working on and get finished now.
18:47:28 <AlanClark> Those are the Trademark guidelines update and
18:47:35 <AlanClark> the Branding guidelines
18:47:54 <AlanClark> We also need to get the Strategy document posted and approved by the members.
18:48:06 <AlanClark> Guess that makes 3 items....
18:48:53 <AlanClark> I will get us back on track with the bylaws in about 3 weeks.
18:48:55 <manugupt1> I have a question about trademark too should I keep it for later or ask now?
18:49:02 <dragotin> so what is blocking the Trademark guidelines?
18:49:07 <AlanClark> The goal is to have this all done in time for the openSUSE conference.
18:49:22 <manugupt1> Even the foundation?
18:50:09 <AlanClark> Let me re-state... The goal is to have the Foundation ready for the 1st members meeting at the openSUSE conference.
18:50:54 <AlanClark> Cornelius is heading the updates to the Trademark guidelines.
18:51:23 <dragotin> yes, I know. But AFAIK there is a kind of final version
18:51:34 <AlanClark> Don't know that there is a hold up per say
18:51:40 <dragotin> how do we get that in place to be official?
18:51:57 <henne> copy the wiki page...
18:52:16 <dragotin> we discussed that on the project list IIRC and it was good so far
18:53:19 <AlanClark> So let's have take an AI to get a report from Cornelius at the next project meeting.
18:53:23 <henne> yes. no disagreement
18:53:42 <dragotin> ah, sorry, the draft seems not to be on the wiki yet
18:53:52 <dragotin> I'll talk to Cornelius about that
18:53:56 <henne> it doesn't have to be
18:54:17 <henne> we discussed the changes
18:54:22 <henne> we just have to apply them
18:54:24 <henne> right?
18:54:31 <AlanClark> I'll also have suseROCKS add the Branding guidelines to the marketing team agenda
18:54:33 <dragotin> I am sure cornelius already did
18:55:06 <dragotin> what is hte branding guideline?
18:55:21 <henne> http://en.opensuse.org/index.php?title=openSUSE:Trademark_guidelines&action=history
18:55:28 <henne> he can't. its a protected page
18:55:57 <dragotin> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Revised_trademark_guidelines
18:56:28 <dragotin> I guess its a dead lock or, more human, missunderstanding ;-)
18:56:59 <AlanClark> The branding guidelines need some updates to cover  logo usage, fonts, colors, etc.  The work on the updates is underway.  We just need to get it completed and then reviewed.
18:57:16 <henne> who works on this? cornelius?
18:57:21 <dragotin> but still, if cornelius posts a revised version, how does it become official?
18:57:45 <henne> dragotin: we copy it over to openSUSE:Trademark_guidelines
18:57:52 <henne> dragotin: what do you expect? goat blood? ;)
18:58:20 <dragotin> hehe, I think the far bigger part concerning the branding is to get that actually done, ie. provide the branding packages
18:58:31 <dragotin> with changed artwork etc.
18:59:07 <AlanClark> right.
18:59:23 <dragotin> I already talked to javier about the "unbranded", ie. "based on openSUSE" artwork
18:59:27 <henne> so who works on this? cornelius?
18:59:28 <dragotin> he volunteered
18:59:36 <henne> and javier
18:59:40 <henne> who else?
18:59:41 <dragotin> cornelius owns the document
18:59:51 <saigkill> Who is the actual owner of the Trademarks? Novell, SUSE Products or Attachmate?
18:59:55 <dragotin> javier volunteered to work on the artwork
19:00:20 <dragotin> coolo works with javier to get the branding package mess sorted
19:00:31 <dragotin> dragotin tries to get that going
19:00:34 <dragotin> and so on ;-)
19:01:13 <henne> okay then i assign this AI to cornelius
19:01:15 <dragotin> all that happened under the assumption that the recently discussed trademark guideline is ok so far
19:01:35 <dragotin> otherwise we wouldn't need the "based on openSUSE" branding, riight?
19:01:36 <AlanClark> sigkill , I'll get with Cornelius to get the ownership statement updated to reflect Attachmate
19:02:18 <saigkill> AlanClark: And after the Foundation comes up, they owns the Trademarks? Need we an update then?
19:03:24 <AlanClark> Attachmate will continue to own the trademarks.  Ownership doesn't change.  The Foundation will continue with the same rights that the openSUSE project has today to license and manage the trademarks as per the trademark guidelines
19:03:54 <saigkill> AlanClark: Thanks for clarification :-)
19:04:24 <henne> okay so I see 2 new AI's now
19:04:41 <henne> implementing the brainding packages. this one would go to javier
19:04:54 <henne> implementing the "based on openSUSE" brainding packages. this one would go to javier
19:05:04 <dragotin> wait - that is a hell lot of work
19:05:12 <henne> and applying the changes to the wiki page
19:05:18 <henne> that one I can do
19:05:28 <dragotin> we can not simply  assign Javier an AI
19:05:30 <henne> the wiki page depends on the branding packages
19:05:39 <dragotin> he volunteered to look into that and start
19:05:40 <henne> why can't we?
19:05:51 <dragotin> but I think we need more people to make that a success
19:06:10 <henne> like?
19:06:24 <dragotin> so maybe somebody here volunteers to pick up parts of the packaging work?
19:06:49 <AlanClark> do we need Javier to scope it first or is that something that can be done now?
19:07:17 <dragotin> Its already a lot of work to find out WHAT has to be debranded
19:07:19 <henne> javier knows everything about artwork packaging
19:07:31 <henne> he does our artwork :)
19:07:55 <javier> hi
19:07:58 <henne> and he's very competent and can request help if he needs it
19:08:03 <javier> the packaging isn't a problem
19:08:24 <javier> I wouldn't mind if Robert helps me a lil bit :)
19:09:16 <henne> okay but you can drive this :)
19:09:42 <javier> ok
19:10:38 <henne> okay cool :)
19:10:52 <AlanClark> thanks javier
19:11:06 <javier> this openSUSE-based artwork reminds me of SUSE Studio
19:11:25 <javier> you're welcome :)
19:13:28 <AlanClark> so did we capture an AI here?
19:14:10 <henne> yes
19:14:38 <henne> Bug #691779
19:14:38 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 691779 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Implement "based on openSUSE" branding packages" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/691779
19:14:58 <henne> i'll make another on to apply the changes to the wiki page and assign it to me?
19:16:38 <henne> which will be blocked by javiers
19:19:40 <henne> okay Bug #691780
19:19:40 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 691780 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Apply proposed Trademark Guidelines changes to the wiki page" [Normal,Assigned] https://bugzilla.novell.com/691780
19:20:22 <javier> ok, so brighter background + logo with "based on" words
19:20:31 <javier> that's the basic idea, no?
19:20:54 <henne> AlanClark: so i assign 670594 back to you?
19:21:08 <AlanClark> yes
19:21:31 <henne> javier: i think so yes
19:21:53 <javier> ok
19:22:15 <henne> alright. 1,5 hours for action items. not bad....
19:22:29 <henne> next topic then?
19:22:53 <AlanClark> next topic
19:23:05 <prusnak> yes
19:23:25 <henne> #info we closed 4 action items and opened 2 new ones about the trademark guidelines
19:23:52 <henne> #topic Status Reports
19:24:15 * henne throws a banana at bugbot
19:25:07 <henne> uhm
19:25:51 <AlanClark> did the banana fix it?  If it did I'll buy you more bananas
19:26:02 <henne> #topic Status Reports
19:26:06 <henne> grmlb
19:26:17 <henne> Teams and individuals send various status reports around. For instance Coolo sends one for the distribution to opensuse-factory, the OBS team publishes meeting minutes on their mailinglist, the boosters their "What are the boosters up to" blogposts. Are there any questions regarding those or do we need to discuss anything in detail?
19:26:37 <henne> Or does anyone wants to give a live status report of something?
19:27:19 <prusnak> just a short one about gsoc
19:27:27 <prusnak> the final number of slots we were given is 16
19:27:45 <prusnak> mentors are already communicating with students and you can see first posts on planetsuse and project ML
19:28:23 <henne> okay cool :)
19:29:06 <AlanClark> way exciting to see this begin.
19:29:09 <henne> anyone else?
19:29:29 <henne> anything else?
19:29:51 <henne> okay then lets move on
19:29:56 <henne> #info no questions arose. pavol gave a quick update on GSoC.
19:30:08 <henne> #topic permission@ requests
19:30:26 <henne> there is only one request. the brewery request
19:30:29 <AlanClark> This should be a quick one.
19:30:48 <AlanClark> At last meeting, a discussion arose regarging adding language
19:31:00 <henne> language?
19:31:04 <AlanClark> to the approval, stating that permission would need to be granted yearly
19:31:19 <AlanClark> I took the AI to talk to Klaas
19:31:23 <AlanClark> I did that.
19:31:59 <AlanClark> Bottom line is that the Brewery will not do openSUSE brew if we put in such a stipulation
19:32:13 <henne> well I also don't see a reason to do that
19:32:33 <AlanClark> My recommendation is that we approve the brewery without such a stipulation
19:32:39 <henne> we do that so we can make sure that the people not connected to us or the project can't go wild forever right?
19:32:40 <AlanClark> so we need a board vote.
19:32:51 <prusnak> do we have quorum?
19:33:07 <prusnak> or should I join as mrdocs3? :)
19:33:13 <AlanClark> we have clause in there that stipulates that we can terminate their usage
19:33:58 <prusnak> sounds reasonable
19:33:59 <henne> yes sure and the yearly reneweal we need for people we don't know
19:34:07 <henne> i know the brewer
19:34:12 <henne> klaas knows the brewer
19:34:19 <henne> we work with him together
19:34:31 <henne> so no need to. lets vote
19:34:41 * henne throws a pineapple at mrdocs
19:34:43 <dragotin> and most important: the Old Toad is not important for him. Only for us ;-)
19:35:08 <AlanClark> right - we are his main audience.  Realistically he's brewing for us.
19:35:29 <AlanClark> er - for those close enough to the brewery
19:35:58 <henne> okay lets vote
19:35:59 <dragotin> but Old Toad is currently no business case for him, because its not much
19:36:12 <dragotin> so he does it because he likes the idea. Not for business
19:36:14 <AlanClark> Alan votest yes
19:36:30 <henne> +1
19:36:45 * prusnak votes yes
19:36:51 <henne> mrdocs: now is the time to come back
19:37:31 <AlanClark> ok, if mrdocs isn't here, I'll gather their votes off line.
19:37:47 <AlanClark> Let's not drag this through another 2 weeks waiting for a meeting.
19:38:02 <henne> please
19:38:29 <prusnak> great
19:38:31 <AlanClark> I'll close this offline. let's move to the next topic.
19:38:44 <henne> #info we agreed that we don't need a yearly renweal and had 3 yes votes for the brewery request
19:38:56 <henne> #undo
19:38:56 <bugbot> Removing item from minutes: <MeetBot.items.Info object at 0x143fd10>
19:39:05 <henne> #info we agreed that we don't need a yearly renweal and had 3 yes votes for the brewery request. Alan gathers the rest offline
19:39:20 <AlanClark> offline=on board mailing list
19:39:29 <henne> #topic Where do we need to improve?
19:39:42 <henne> This topic is about quick, small, actionable problems we have. Stuff we can solve between this and the next meeting.
19:39:59 <henne> Everybody can add ideas to openFATE
19:40:06 <henne> see http://bit.ly/opensuse_improve
19:40:33 <henne> there are no new things in the queue
19:40:50 <henne> does anyone has an idea here? :)
19:41:27 <manugupt1> All the status reports to be published on news.o.o??
19:41:38 <manugupt1> How does it sound?
19:42:07 <henne> great. go out and make it happen :)
19:42:36 <manugupt1> Ok.. I cannot do that alone but then lets put some ideas I have
19:42:55 <manugupt1> like what are boosters upto can be moved to news.o.o
19:43:01 <henne> please elaborate
19:43:04 <manugupt1> And I am trying the same for ambassadors
19:43:24 <manugupt1> Whatever we are doing is either on ML or personal blog
19:43:36 <henne> yes
19:43:40 <manugupt1> Like blogs like what are the boosters upto
19:43:52 <manugupt1> is on your blog should be moved to news.o.o so that more people know
19:44:14 <manugupt1> Ambassadors what they are doing should also be on news.o.o so that more people know
19:44:16 <henne> well not in the form it is now
19:44:24 <manugupt1> Why?
19:44:35 <henne> its too technical for our general news outlet
19:44:47 <henne> and i don't want to write it for such an wide audience
19:44:48 <manugupt1> henne: Still its great to let people know
19:45:00 <henne> well it goes onto the planet so...
19:45:17 <manugupt1> Still news has a wider audience the media watches over the news
19:45:44 <henne> yes but my blog posts about what we do are not written for that audience
19:45:52 <henne> they are written for our contributors
19:46:14 <henne> i, for instance, never explain technical details
19:46:31 <henne> you know what I mean?
19:46:47 <manugupt1> Well yes but again I think its better to do this way
19:46:47 <henne> this task is not simply about changing blogs
19:47:12 <manugupt1> We represent a community that is technically active :)
19:47:52 <manugupt1> Also I have noticed due to the increasing news we are gaining more visbility
19:47:56 <henne> that doesn't mean that we should write nonesense (to them) to our audience
19:48:16 <henne> you know what I mean?
19:48:35 <manugupt1> Yes.. I understand
19:48:51 <manugupt1> But I will sugest trying it for atleast one post and look at the reception
19:48:53 <henne> all the status reports I know of need to be reworked to fit onto news.o.o
19:49:02 <henne> thats an ongoing major task
19:49:31 <manugupt1> ok..
19:50:12 <henne> but please do it :)
19:50:23 <henne> please please pretty please with sugar on top
19:50:49 <manugupt1> henne: Will try in holidays not before that ok..
19:51:08 <henne> manugupt1: sure. whenever you are ready
19:51:19 <AlanClark> manugupt1:  I'm guessing that  your suggestion was for the Ambassador reports I'd like to see us get to the point where upcoming Ambassador activities/events are placed on news as well
19:51:39 <AlanClark> again a lot of ongoing work...
19:51:46 <manugupt1> AlanClark: yes I am already making a news item
19:52:50 <manugupt1> AlanClark: I have a few things from Ambassdor side as well
19:52:59 <AlanClark> good!
19:53:01 <manugupt1> Lots of events have taken place and we conducted a survey
19:53:17 <henne> manugupt1: if you could make that a series of whats happening in the project this would be great
19:53:33 <manugupt1> henne: I can do that about what I know :)
19:53:42 <henne> manugupt1: do tell ;)
19:53:57 <manugupt1> henne: I can tell from ambsadors side right now
19:54:01 <manugupt1> let me brief
19:54:04 <henne> manugupt1: it just has to be monthly or whatever fits your schedule
19:54:15 <manugupt1> ok..
19:54:25 <manugupt1> In the last 2 months 20 ambassdors approx joined
19:54:28 <henne> manugupt1: just do it [tm]
19:54:47 <manugupt1> henne: WIP for ambassadors wating for news team to approve
19:55:05 <manugupt1> http://news.opensuse.org/?p=8735&preview=true
19:55:19 <henne> youre waiting for a review?
19:55:30 <manugupt1> henne: yes
19:55:40 * henne looks at it
19:56:08 <henne> okay next topic then
19:56:29 <AlanClark> yes
19:56:30 <henne> as we don't have any small, actionable solutions to problems
19:57:25 <manugupt1> Ok.. its QA then
19:57:32 <henne> #info there where no new ideas in openFATE and none in the channel. We discussed a bit about what we can do with the Status Reports on news.o.o but decided that this is ongoing work. Manu is going to look into that
19:57:46 <henne> #topic Questions & Answers
19:57:52 <manugupt1> Question to be asked
19:57:59 <manugupt1> Can I?
19:58:08 <henne> sure
19:58:16 <manugupt1> Ok.. Now that the merger has taken place
19:58:30 <henne> #info there were no questions on the meeting page in the wiki
19:59:17 <manugupt1> So all the things sponsored will have SUSE on them or Attachmate since there are 4 different business units
19:59:17 * manugupt1 prefers SUSE
19:59:18 <manugupt1> like sponsored by SUSE
19:59:35 <manugupt1> on tshirts and stuff like that my quesiton is over
20:00:09 <AlanClark> For Linux it will be SUSE.  So if you have a penquin with Novell written on it.  It's a museum piece.
20:00:31 <manugupt1> Good Awesome I dont have any :) plus great marketing too
20:00:42 <manugupt1> I believe for OBS too
20:01:10 <manugupt1> AlanClark: what about the existing materials we will still use them right?
20:01:36 <AlanClark> yes
20:01:47 <manugupt1> Good.. Thanks all queries have been anwered
20:02:11 <henne> anything else we need to discuss?
20:02:37 <AlanClark> Who's our moderator next time?
20:02:55 <henne> peter
20:03:07 <henne> right? :)
20:03:12 <AlanClark> sold to peter ;-)
20:03:57 <henne> Okay that's it then. If you have more, don't hesitate to bring it up on the appropriate mailinglist.
20:04:04 <henne> #info The next project meeting will be in two weeks. Same channel (#opensuse-project), same time (18:00 UTC).
20:04:16 <henne> #undo
20:04:16 <bugbot> Removing item from minutes: <MeetBot.items.Info object at 0x143fd10>
20:04:55 <AlanClark> henne, thanks for running the meeting.
20:04:57 <henne> #info manugupt1 asked about the sponsor signs we sometimes uses on stuff that is payed from Novell. AlanClark said that will change to SUSE.
20:05:01 <henne> #info The next project meeting will be in two weeks. Same channel (#opensuse-project), same time (18:00 UTC).
20:05:09 <henne> Thank you all for participating. Good night and good luck!
20:05:13 <henne> #endmeeting