=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by suseROCKs at 18:03:14 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2011/opensuse-project.2011-06-15-18.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic:  Old Action Items
  (suseROCKs, 18:06:23)
  * LINK: http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais   (suseROCKs, 18:12:58)
  * ACTION: cboltz to come up with ideas for Contributor gifts on
    marketing mailing list  (suseROCKs, 18:16:52)
  * LINK: http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais is one page right?  (henne,
    18:24:30)

* welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic:  Team Status
  Reports  (suseROCKs, 18:36:17)

* Welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic:  openSUSE
  Strategy  (suseROCKs, 18:39:51)
  * ACTION: prusnak to send link to board + jospoortvliet for
    downloadign membership mailing addresses  (suseROCKs, 18:53:59)
  * ACTION: jospoortvliet to write or ask Thomas to write an email
    reminder to openSUSE Members to vote on the Strategy Proposal
    (suseROCKs, 18:54:25)

* Welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic:  openSUSE
  Facebook Group  (suseROCKs, 18:56:12)

* Welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting { Topic:  openSUSE
  Foundation  (suseROCKs, 18:58:40)
  * ACTION: : AlanClark will work with SUSE Executive Leadership and
    Attachmate Legal team for legal assitance and funding needed to move
    forward with the creation of a Foundation  (AlanClark, 19:19:41)
  * ACTION: AlanClark will begin discussions on $$ on the Foundation
    mailing list  (AlanClark, 19:20:41)

* Welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting } Topic:  openSUSE
  Conference  (suseROCKs, 19:32:36)
  * ACTION: jospoortvliet to mail -factory and -project about conference
    talks  (mrdocs, 19:37:43)
  * ACTION: jospoortvliet to ask Project mailing list about BoF,
    Workshops and other session ideas  (suseROCKs, 19:37:45)

* Welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic:  Where do we need
  to improve?  (suseROCKs, 19:45:45)
  * LINK:
    http://svn.berlios.de/svnroot/repos/opensuse/trunk/infrastructure/
    (henne, 20:09:33)

* Welcome to openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic:  Q&A  (suseROCKs,
  20:11:10)



Meeting ended at 20:25:40 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* AlanClark
  * : AlanClark will work with SUSE Executive Leadership and Attachmate
    Legal team for legal assitance and funding needed to move forward
    with the creation of a Foundation
  * AlanClark will begin discussions on $$ on the Foundation mailing
    list
* cboltz
  * cboltz to come up with ideas for Contributor gifts on marketing
    mailing list
* jospoortvliet
  * prusnak to send link to board + jospoortvliet for downloadign
    membership mailing addresses
  * jospoortvliet to write or ask Thomas to write an email reminder to
    openSUSE Members to vote on the Strategy Proposal
  * jospoortvliet to mail -factory and -project about conference talks
  * jospoortvliet to ask Project mailing list about BoF, Workshops and
    other session ideas
* prusnak
  * prusnak to send link to board + jospoortvliet for downloadign
    membership mailing addresses



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* suseROCKs (230)
* henne (151)
* jospoortvliet (63)
* prusnak (52)
* mrdocs (50)
* AlanClark (37)
* tigerfoot (27)
* clint- (19)
* cboltz (16)
* bugbot (11)
* cartman (2)
* oldcpu (1)
* adrianS (1)
* javier (1)
* izabelvalverde (1)
* rhorstkoetter (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4