================================================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Conference Program Committee Meeting
================================================================


Meeting started by suseROCKs at 21:16:38 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2011/opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* ACTION: yaloki publish a summary, decisions, etc... of the meeting
  (yaloki, 21:24:54)
* ACTION: yaloki publish a summary, decisions, etc... of the meeting
  (yaloki, 21:25:26)
* LINK: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot   (yaloki, 21:26:11)
* The theme of the conference  (yaloki, 21:26:22)
  * two themes proposed:  "Collaboration Across Borders II" and
    "rwxrwxrwx"  (suseROCKs, 21:35:03)
  * AGREED: motto is not critical at this point, will be decided later
    on, the focus is more important  (yaloki, 22:07:00)
  * AGREED: conf team will request the support of the marketing team for
    the motto, albeit the general theme of the conf will be decided by
    the conf team, with something of a veto right in case the motto
    doesn't reflect the theme  (yaloki, 22:10:25)
  * AGREED: the conf team will try to reach a ratio with around 2/3 of
    sessions which will be opensuse-centric, and 1/3 of sessions about
    collaboration with other projects  (yaloki, 22:18:13)
  * AGREED: for collaboration topics, we will reach out to projects and
    people who work on things that have a direct connection with what we
    do, for mutual benefit  (yaloki, 22:22:29)
  * AGREED: for collaboration topics, we will reach out to projects and
    people who work on things that have a direct connection with what we
    do, for mutual benefit  (yaloki, 22:23:40)
  * todo: write up guidelines and good practices for presentations and
    BoFs  (yaloki, 22:24:08)
  * todo: collect tracks/topics for the CfP, as proposals/ideas
    (yaloki, 22:25:16)
  * ACTION: jospoortvliet_ write up a draft on good practices for
    presentations and BoFs, AlanClark and yaloki will contribute content
    (yaloki, 22:26:04)
  * IDEA: send mail to specific mailing-lists too, to ask for topics
    that would be of interest (both for internal and collaboration)
    (yaloki, 22:27:27)
  * ACTION: suseROCKs poke the marketing team for the conference motto
    (yaloki, 22:29:04)
  * ACTION: AlanClark poke MLs for ideas/topics for BoF sessions and
    people to invite  (yaloki, 22:32:40)
  * todo: infrastructure (website, program, ML?)  (yaloki, 22:35:16)
  * ACTION: suseROCKs to poke henne to update cfp@  (suseROCKs,
    22:40:22)
  * AGREED: indico for the conference website  (yaloki, 22:41:13)
  * ACTION: jospoortvliet_ write up a draft for the CfP  (yaloki,
    22:52:22)
  * AGREED: next conf team meeting next thursday (2011-04-28) at 19:00
    UTC  (yaloki, 22:56:31)



Meeting ended at 22:56:35 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* AlanClark
  * jospoortvliet_ write up a draft on good practices for presentations
    and BoFs, AlanClark and yaloki will contribute content
  * AlanClark poke MLs for ideas/topics for BoF sessions and people to
    invite
* jospoortvliet
  * jospoortvliet_ write up a draft on good practices for presentations
    and BoFs, AlanClark and yaloki will contribute content
  * jospoortvliet_ write up a draft for the CfP
* jospoortvliet_
  * jospoortvliet_ write up a draft on good practices for presentations
    and BoFs, AlanClark and yaloki will contribute content
  * jospoortvliet_ write up a draft for the CfP
* suseROCKs
  * suseROCKs poke the marketing team for the conference motto
  * suseROCKs to poke henne to update cfp@
* yaloki
  * yaloki publish a summary, decisions, etc... of the meeting
  * yaloki publish a summary, decisions, etc... of the meeting
  * jospoortvliet_ write up a draft on good practices for presentations
    and BoFs, AlanClark and yaloki will contribute content



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* yaloki (357)
* suseROCKs (169)
* jospoortvliet (144)
* vuntz (108)
* jospoortvliet_ (55)
* AlanClark (35)
* darix (19)
* bugbot (8)
* Siju (2)
* mrdocs (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4