================================================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project + Board Meeting 27-July-2011
================================================================


Meeting started by suseROCKs at 18:16:34 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2011/opensuse-project.2011-07-27-18.16.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Previous Action Items  (AlanClark, 18:26:45)
  * openSUSE Conference Program Committee has closed its deadline for
    CFP submissions, though a few are still trickling in.  We have about
    120 proposals already and very awesome.  We have our work cut out
    for us to complete all by Aug 5th at latest to announce our program
    (suseROCKs, 18:42:31)
  * Marketing Team will have a joint hackfest with the Artwork team on
    September 15-16 in Nuremberg at the SUSE Offices to complete some
    tasks for openSUSE 12.1 Release  (suseROCKs, 18:45:59)
  * A formal announcement will be sent to the Marketing and Ambassador
    teams later today announcing the creation of a new program to
    sponsor Ambassador Travel costs.  The Ambassador team will
    self-determine and plan quarterly budgets for travel to important
    destinations to promote openSUSE throughout the year  (suseROCKs,
    18:47:38)

* Board meeting at osc  (AlanClark, 19:03:43)

* Where do we need to improve?  (AlanClark, 19:06:18)

* Q/A  (AlanClark, 19:10:46)

* permission@ requests  (AlanClark, 19:21:47)



Meeting ended at 19:42:11 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* AlanClark (90)
* suseROCKs (83)
* prusnak (31)
* warlordfff (18)
* tigerfoot (10)
* cboltz (9)
* bugbot (5)
* mrdocs (5)
* yaloki (4)
* BManojlovic (2)
* robjo (2)
* henne (0)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4