<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">19:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">Board-Project Meeting 30-Nov-2011</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">19:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Nov 30 19:03:20 2011 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">19:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">19:03:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> fastest meeting I have ever seen
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">19:03:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok let's get the ball rolling folks
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">19:03:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Here is today's agenda:
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">19:03:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.  Status Reports
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">19:03:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. Action Items
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">19:04:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3. Permission@novell.com
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">19:04:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> no permission requests, so drop that one
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">19:04:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 4. Where do we need to improve
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">19:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 5. Q&amp;A
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">19:04:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The full agenda can be seen here at http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Board_meeting
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">19:04:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So, let's hit these topics hard and enjoy the rest of our day... starting with the first topic...
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">19:05:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status Reports</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">19:05:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">19:05:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> let's go to the main status of the day:  Election 2012
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">19:05:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Is there anyone from the election or membership teams present?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">19:05:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> here :)
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">19:06:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde,   You have the floor...
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">19:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ok... Thomas sent a remind email to candidates about their plataform
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">19:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> to all of them fill with many information as possible
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">19:07:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> also is ready to make the pool - or poll :D public on friday
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">19:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> so far the calendar still working as planned
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">19:08:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> actually we have a concern about that one...
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">19:08:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> which one?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">19:08:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> seems the membership team has not completed its queue in time for the polls to open.
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">19:09:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Do we have anyone from the membership team here?
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">19:09:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> polls ok :)
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">19:09:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> there's apparently 40 still in the queue
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">19:09:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> at election list has no claim about it
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">19:09:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> not yet :)
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">19:09:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> but membership will work on 40 applications?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">19:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> in the past, it was always ensured to clear the queue before the start of polls.
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">19:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> in the past not more than 40 happened ;)
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">19:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so I'm concerned that membership team hasn't followed this goal yet.    How do we ensure people are not left out?
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">19:10:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I can't say
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">19:11:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Without someone from the membership team, we don't know if the queue is or can be cleared by Dec 2
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">19:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we have had that large of a queue in the past, as the month leading to elections is always the biggest spike in membership applications
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">19:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> on this case we will keep the agenda
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">19:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I haven't gotten any notice to vote on new member and I am on the membership team
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">19:12:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we have precedence in the past to move election dates if things are not in order
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">19:12:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> terrorpup thanks :)
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">19:12:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I will try and reach out to other members today
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">19:12:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> are you seeing 40 in the queue?
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">19:12:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> On connect right AlanClark
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">19:12:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> terrorpup,   Did you receive the query email from AlanClark yesterday?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">19:12:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> suseROCKs can you see the queue?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">19:12:49 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">guesses</span>
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">19:13:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I have to log in AlanClark, I am work ssh'ing so I can be here, they tend to monitor so I will look at the house tonight
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">19:13:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde,   the queue number was informed to us by |miska| yesterday  (or was it monday?)
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">19:14:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I suggest that the action item is for terrorpup to check with the membership committee to if there is a queue that needs to be cleared before the polling begins
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">19:14:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> suseROCKs besides queue he said something else?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">19:14:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> AlanClark, on it.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">19:14:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde,   he also said that he personally will only be able to vote on about 20 of them beofre Friday
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">19:15:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> Would you check with the membership committee and let the election committee know if there is an issue or not
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">19:15:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I agree with AlanClark here
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">19:15:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> will do
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">19:15:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks terrorpup!
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">19:15:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">terrorpup to contact membership team to find out status of queue before end of pre-polling period of elections</span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">19:16:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> But the big question is, if the team is unable to complete before Friday, what do we do?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">19:17:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> agree.  My first thought was to open polling but not close it until the queue is cleared. But not allow any new names on the queue
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">19:17:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   right.  The deadline to apply was last friday.  So new applications are moot.
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">19:17:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Postpone for a few days to give the committee to clear the names
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">19:17:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> But the real answer is that - such a decision should be made by the election committe
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">19:18:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I believe we - the elections Team - can discuss and give the feedback
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">19:18:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I would not want any of these 40 applicants we currently have to be disenfranchised.  That's a serious issue.
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">19:18:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I agree
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">19:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I agree
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">19:18:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I'm writing to the rest of election team now
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">19:18:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> let's give the action item to izabelvalverde
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">19:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Agree on what?? sorry
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">19:18:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde,   ok thank you.  Can you send the board a status on that by end of tomorrow?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">19:18:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> speaking as someone who was disenfranchised last election, I totally agree :)
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">19:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> let's see the decision them
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">19:19:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> them/then :D
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">19:19:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> suseROCKs soon I have a status I will write to the Board
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">19:19:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">19:20:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">izabelvalverde to contact election team to discuss state of timeline regarding membership queue and report back to the board via email as soon as reasonably possible</span>
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">19:20:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> write to the project
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">19:20:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> thank you izabelvalverde
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">19:20:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> if there are changes
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">19:21:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> AlanClark sure don't worry
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">19:21:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">19:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we can close status report on Election.   Are there others here today to give any status reports?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">19:22:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> going once....
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">19:22:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> going twice...
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">19:22:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Mine
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">19:22:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> going twice.5....
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">19:22:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we have manugupt1!    Sir, go ahead
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">19:22:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Google Code-in is a success in my opinion
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">19:23:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> its about election!
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">19:23:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> no campaign!
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">19:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> That was listed as a status
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">19:23:29 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">did not write it</span>
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">19:23:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> So I am not campaigning I have done it all over the weeks :)
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">19:23:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> any idea on the number of students?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">19:24:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> this has been part of status reports for the last few meetings
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">19:24:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> around 20 tasks have been done'
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">19:24:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Wow,  fast progress
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">19:24:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> We have over 80 and 20 are being done now
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">19:24:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> by 20 students or multiples by same students?
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">19:24:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> I dont think there is a lot of redundancy over there
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">19:25:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> as far as I know
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">19:25:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> So you can have atleast 30 students doing the tasks
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">19:25:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Probably more :)
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">19:26:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> do we know an geography where the students are located?
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">19:26:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   anything else we need to do currently?
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">19:26:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> More tasks from KDE and other teams would be appreciated.. GNOME did a fantastic job thanks to Ilmehtar
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">19:26:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> No
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">19:26:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> and yes more tasks is a must
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">19:27:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> suseROCKs election subject is done?
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">19:27:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I need to go
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">19:27:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde,  yes  I closed that subject a while ago
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">19:27:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thanks for your presence, izabelvalverde
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">19:27:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> thanks izabelvalverde
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">19:27:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> Thanks for the update.  Awesome work by everyone to get this going.
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">19:28:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we need more tasks to add to GCI project.  Particularly from KDE team.</span>
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">19:28:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> welcome..
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">19:28:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> suseROCKs AlanClark soon as possible I'll give you a status
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">19:28:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> +1 Al_Cho
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">19:28:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oops  +1 AlanClark
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">19:28:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks izabelvalverde have a great evening
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">19:28:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">19:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> bye
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">19:29:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> right ppl, as right now I'm a izabelvalverde guest at her office, I have to go too.
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">19:29:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> bye
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">19:29:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> bye CarlosRibeiro
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">19:29:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  thanks CarlosRibeiro   Take care!
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">19:29:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Bye  CarlosRibeiro
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">19:29:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   anything more on this status?
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">19:29:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> thanks you guys and best everything for this meeting
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">19:29:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> bye
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">19:29:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> If there are questions I can answer, I am very pleased with the progress of GCI
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">19:30:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I have no more questions
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">19:30:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> as are we....   very pleased indeed
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">19:30:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thanks for keeping the google stuff alive this year, manugupt1
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">19:30:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok anyone else with a status report?  If not I'm moving on to the next topic
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">19:31:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> next topic
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">19:31:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3..
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">19:31:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1...
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">19:31:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> next topic!
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">19:31:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Old AI's</span>
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">19:31:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Project AI's here  http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">19:32:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we have only one item, and that is belonging to cb400f
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">19:32:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> or is it cboltz?  I alwys get confused  :-)
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">19:32:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> let's defer that to next meeting
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">19:32:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> If he's not here
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">19:32:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no it was cboltz  and he's not here
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">19:33:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so on to board AI's... hang on...
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">19:33:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that one is http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">19:33:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and neither of those AI's are movable, so nothing to discuss there either
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">19:33:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I don't have anything new to add today on my AI
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">19:34:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> right and I'm sure prusnak doesn't on his either.
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">19:34:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so moving on to new topic...
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">19:34:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we're skipping #3 because we have no new permission requests for trademark usage
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">19:34:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we'll go on to #4  Where do we need to improve?
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">19:34:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> If robjo is here
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">19:35:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Improvement Suggestion:   Move suseROCKs to warmer climes before Winter sets in...
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">19:35:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> you're to late
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">19:36:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'm not seeing a response from robjo
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">19:36:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> a quick look at openfate  http://bit.ly/opensuse_improve
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">19:36:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> yes, but I missed everything sorry
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">19:37:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   You missed nothing  :-)
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">19:37:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Why is there no alarm on the calender entry? AJaeger
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">19:38:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> thought we updated the calendar after last meeting via henne
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">19:39:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> calendar was updated, i.e. events are there again, but the entries have no alarm :(
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">19:39:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> aren't alarms set client-side???
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">19:39:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Anyway, my last action was to sent a message to henne as a follow up to his consolidation e-mail to various lists.
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">19:39:49 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">"No events found"</span>
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">19:40:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> No answer from henne to my inquiry, thus I have no idea where we stand with this effort
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">19:40:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">19:41:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,  and this was to consolidate what?   irc channels or mailing lists?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">19:41:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Due to lack of time I can only follow up on one of these items at a time. Therefore I am still "concentrating" (somewhat) on the ML issue
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">19:41:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> mailing lists
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">19:41:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> mailing lists
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">19:42:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">19:42:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> henne sent message to a number of lists proposing consolidation. I do not know what lists and the various proposals.
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">19:42:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I believe henne worked on some of these, but best to hold until we have henne
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">19:42:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> yes
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">19:42:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   can you send a follow up email to henne tomorrow and see what he can offer you?
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">19:43:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I'll send a message today ;) if I wait to tomorrow I'll have forgotten all about it......
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">19:43:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   ok thanks
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">19:43:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ah come on robjo you're not that Senior ;-)
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">19:43:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> another area we need to improve is getting administrative control of our IRC channels
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">19:44:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Why?
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">19:44:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Too many channels or anything other than that
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">19:44:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yes, but one thing at a time
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">19:44:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we have a number of openSUSE channels that are not formally registered to openSUSE and then the original creator abandons thus creating administrative problems for new folks
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">19:44:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> Yes, too many channels
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">19:44:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no I'm not referring to the "too many" issue.  That's another one
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">19:44:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> ok..
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">19:44:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm referring to administrative control
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">19:45:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> its a very frequent pain in the ass
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">19:45:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> What process are you using to obtain administrative control?
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">19:45:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'll be very glad to lead on this one and work with darix to gain control of those channels.
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">19:45:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I thought yaloki was the admin most channels.
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">19:45:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Dominian,   well usually it involves darix cajoling the freenode admins to transfer ownership of those channels
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">19:46:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> terrorpup,   no
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">19:46:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Right..
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">19:46:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> it takes a GC to gain control of channels within a group's namespace.
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">19:46:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> is darix the only GC for the opensuse namespace on freenode?
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">19:46:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> ok, just in past he created channels for us, and closed down channels.
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">19:47:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> he's the primary one, and then yaloki and I got added later down the road.  But that doesn't mean Freenode does things carte blanche on this
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">19:47:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> terrorpup,   he did a few, but not most.  most were done with darix.
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">19:47:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> hrm
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">19:47:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> If you show as Group Contacts for th enamespace you should be able to ask them to transfer ownership
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">19:47:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and anyone can create a channel, they just need to please remember to register it to openSUSE instead of to their own nick
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">19:47:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> and yes, they do go by that.. namely your nickserv accounts should be 'marked' as such as group contacts for opensuse
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">19:48:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Dominian,   of course, in theory  :-D
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">19:48:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">19:48:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> Ok I'll shaddup
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">19:48:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action   </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs to investigate and come up with list of all openSUSE channels that are not registered to openSUSE and get them transferred</span>
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">19:49:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anything else on the topic of improvement?
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">19:49:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> going once...
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">19:49:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> going twice...
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">19:49:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> SOLD!
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">19:49:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> new topic!
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">19:50:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Q&amp;A</span>
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">19:50:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Doe anyone have any general questions?
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">19:50:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if there are no questions, we will be closing the meeting soon...
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">19:51:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> FOSDEM - does any one want to help me co-ordinate an openSUSE stand? We need to get our submission in by the 12th
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">19:51:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Not a question, I think someone should restate the open spots on the board on the project ML with company affiliation
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">19:51:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> will do
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">19:52:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> hey bear454 greetings!
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">19:52:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> o/ AlanClark
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">19:52:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I am not certain it is obvious to everyone that only one spot of the "available" spots can be filled by a SUSE employee.
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">19:52:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bear454,   I assume there will be an announcement on news.o.o when the polls officially open?
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">19:52:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> AFAIK thomas already drafted it
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">19:52:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> This my influence voting and should be well known ahead of time.
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">19:52:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> but I'll make sure
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">19:53:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,    I answered that question in one of the project threads over the weekend.   Is it still not clear enough to people?
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">19:53:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I even did a text diagram.  :-D
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">19:53:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> I'm also interested in how that voting will work out - while one of the available spots can be filled by a SUSE employee, does it have to be filled by a SUSE employee?
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">19:53:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> no it doesn't *have to*
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">19:54:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> you answered the question on procedure if I recall correctly, i.e. what happens when ....
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">19:54:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ilmehtar,  nope  does not.
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">19:54:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> only the chair belongs to SUSE
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">19:54:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes, we're stuck with AlanClark   :-)
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">19:54:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> what I am after is something that says: X seats are up for grabs, of those only 1 can be claimed by SUSE employee
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">19:54:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yah and he shows up for the meeting late ;-)
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">19:55:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">limehtar:</span> how many people are you needing for help with FOSDEM?
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">19:55:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   Then I suggest you work with the election committee to review any text.
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">19:55:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> I'll be honest, I have no idea - so while I'm prepared to coordinate thing, any help from more experienced minds would be greatly appriciated
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">19:56:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> (its my first FOSDEM)
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">19:56:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Happy to review any text
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">19:56:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ilmehtar,   First, I suggest you include the marketing team on this.  Historically, marketing team was never included in discussions on FOSDEM
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">19:56:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> second of all, I suggest you contact AJ and ask him about what equipment is available in NUE storage that can be shipped to Belgium
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">19:57:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and third, get the word out, and that includes pinging people individually who you think are ideal to attend and man the booth as well as give presentations
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">19:57:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> send me your email address and I'll make sure you're given the opportunity to review the news article
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">19:57:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> a post to -project to request help is probably a good starting point
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">19:57:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> rjschwei@suse.com
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">19:57:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> my plan was 1) speak here to make sure I'm not doing duplicating work and then step 2) bug the heck out of everyone possible, -project, marketing and ambassadors, etc
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">19:58:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ilmehtar,   and I will be more than happy to help you on the side and give you my insight of past booth orgnizations  as others here will also offer too
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">19:58:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ilmehtar,   sounds like a plan, stan!
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">19:59:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> Ilmehtar, you can send me questions as well
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">19:59:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">limehtar:</span> my understanding is that several SUSE employees attend FOSDEM - leverage that to get items from NUE for the booth
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">19:59:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> great, thank you!
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">19:59:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> sounds like a good idea
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">19:59:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ilmehtar,   there's lots of booth goodies in NUE.   Shouldn't be a problem as I think its one that they budget for
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">20:00:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so anything else, folks?
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">20:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I don't know if you were considering the Studio Kiosk - It is very expensive to ship
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">20:01:17 </span><span class="nka">* bear454</span> <span class="ac">groans about the kiosk</span>
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">20:01:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> as awesome as it is, I'm happy if whoever would have to pay for shipping thinks its best left behind
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">20:01:39 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">lol remembering pushing down the street with bear454</span>
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">20:01:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">20:01:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> we need a studio kiosk laptop :D
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">20:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> instead of a 700lb coffin
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">20:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> or a kiosk tablet
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">20:02:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bear454:</span> what we need is a studio kiosk studio image..
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">20:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> we have one
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">20:02:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> but the hardware requirements are pretty specific
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">20:02:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> and well, it is proprietary code
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">20:02:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Well SUSE Studio is not open source even though *VERY* attractive
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">20:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and SUSE Studio is not technically an openSUSE project though we love each other and work well together
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">20:03:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> we love eachother very much :)
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">20:03:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> ignore my rants anyway
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">20:04:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> you are correct.  However it is a great tool to show the flexibility of openSUSE
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">20:04:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info  </span><span class="cmdline">Ilmehtar is the Big Kahuna for openSUSE booth at FOSDEM</span>
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">20:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I think we've covered the gamut today.    If there's nothing else before i countdown to 0, we shall close today's meeting
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">20:04:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 5...
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">20:04:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 4...
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">20:04:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> three...
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">20:05:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> II
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">20:05:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> wait
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">20:05:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> 2 1/2
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">20:05:21 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">knows he's goinna regret it but... yes bear454?</span>
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">20:05:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> Has anyone officially thanked you for your tenure &amp; participation ?
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">20:06:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">20:06:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The growth of openSUSE during my time here is thanks enough.  :-)
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">20:06:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Shouldn't that happen after he's officially a goner?
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">20:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yeah I still have two more meetings here.  Quit shooting me like a rabid dog too early.
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">20:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Do we have a project meeting on the 15th?  I don't remember what we decided at the last project meeting
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">20:06:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> with any luck, he'll never be a goner ;)
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">20:06:42 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">thinks bear454 is ready to kick suseROCKs out :P</span>
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">20:06:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> There's still work to do for suseRocks
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">20:07:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   Yes.  next meeting is on 14th.  And then on 4th we will have the "handover" meeting
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">20:07:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so we're not rid of suseROCKS yet ;-)
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">20:07:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> even AlanClark joined the crew o-O
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">20:07:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yup  2 meetings left.   and only one meeting where I actually can vote
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">20:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Look at your raport
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">20:08:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> 1 3/4
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">20:08:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> my only regret in my tenure here is....
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">20:08:13 </span><span class="nka">* bear454</span> <span class="ac">shuts up now</span>
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">20:08:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 1 1/2
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">20:08:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I have not yet figured out how to install .exe on my openSUSE
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">20:08:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> nd with that...
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">20:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 0!
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">20:08:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
