<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: Board-Project Meeting 30-Nov-2011</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: Board-Project Meeting 30-Nov-2011</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by suseROCKs at 19:03:20 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-11-30-19.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status Reports</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-11-30-19.03.log.html#l-15'>suseROCKs</a>, 19:05:02)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">terrorpup to
    contact membership team to find out status of queue before end of
    pre-polling period of elections</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-11-30-19.03.log.html#l-60'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:15:50)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span
    class="ACTION">izabelvalverde to contact election team to discuss
    state of timeline regarding membership queue and report back to the
    board via email as soon as reasonably possible</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-11-30-19.03.log.html#l-79'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:20:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">we need more tasks to add to GCI project.
    Particularly from KDE team.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-11-30-19.03.log.html#l-118'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:28:02)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Old AI's</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-11-30-19.03.log.html#l-143'>suseROCKs</a>, 19:31:36)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">suseROCKs to
    investigate and come up with list of all openSUSE channels that are
    not registered to openSUSE and get them transferred</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-11-30-19.03.log.html#l-213'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:48:36)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Q&amp;A</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-11-30-19.03.log.html#l-219'>suseROCKs</a>, 19:50:00)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Ilmehtar is the Big Kahuna for openSUSE booth
    at FOSDEM</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-11-30-19.03.log.html#l-279'>suseROCKs</a>,
    20:04:16)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:08:30 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-11-30-19.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>terrorpup to contact membership team to find out status of queue before end of pre-polling period of elections</li>
  <li>izabelvalverde to contact election team to discuss state of timeline regarding membership queue and report back to the board via email as soon as reasonably possible</li>
  <li>suseROCKs to investigate and come up with list of all openSUSE channels that are not registered to openSUSE and get them transferred</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> izabelvalverde <ol>
    <li>izabelvalverde to contact election team to discuss state of timeline regarding membership queue and report back to the board via email as soon as reasonably possible</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> suseROCKs <ol>
    <li>suseROCKs to investigate and come up with list of all openSUSE channels that are not registered to openSUSE and get them transferred</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> terrorpup <ol>
    <li>terrorpup to contact membership team to find out status of queue before end of pre-polling period of elections</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs (128)</li>
  <li>AlanClark (40)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (34)</li>
  <li>izabelvalverde (30)</li>
  <li>robjo (24)</li>
  <li>bear454 (20)</li>
  <li>Ilmehtar (10)</li>
  <li>Dominian (9)</li>
  <li>terrorpup (8)</li>
  <li>CarlosRibeiro (4)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
