===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by prusnak at 18:02:30 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2011/opensuse-project.2011-08-24-18.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Old Action Items  (prusnak, 18:05:13)
  * Alan working with Attachmate Executive Mgt and Legal teams, SUSE
    management is supportive of the Foundation.  (prusnak, 18:10:08)
  * we agreed we need a session (probably BoF) about novell vs.
    (open)suse bugzilla and bugzilla vs. fate discussion  (prusnak,
    18:20:08)
  * folks at Google don't know whether there will be Google Code-In this
    year. if yes, they'll announce it sometime around the first week of
    October  (prusnak, 18:25:25)

* Status Reports  (prusnak, 18:27:29)
  * lots of buzz going on about the conference, follow news.opensuse.org
    to get it all!  (prusnak, 18:32:24)
  * alan and sshaw working on (secret for now) fun activity that will
    entice people to register and attend the conference.  (prusnak,
    18:35:27)
  * GSoC results will be closed this Friday, 7 mentors have already
    submitted their evaluations, only 1 of them was FAIL, we are still
    waiting for the other 7 evaluations  (prusnak, 18:40:43)

* Board F2F at the openSUSE Conference  (prusnak, 18:52:56)
  * most of the Board members will arrive on 8th Sept and will have a
    F2F meeting on 9th and 10th, just prior the conference  (prusnak,
    18:56:43)

* permission@ requests  (prusnak, 19:08:36)

* Where do we need to improve?  (prusnak, 19:23:58)

* Questions & Answers  (prusnak, 19:31:03)



Meeting ended at 19:36:03 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* prusnak (141)
* suseROCKs (114)
* AlanClark (79)
* mrdocs (30)
* bugbot (4)
* sshaw (2)
* SUSEhelp (1)
* izabelvalverde (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4