=============================================================================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting - http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting
=============================================================================================


Meeting started by prusnak at 18:07:58 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2011/opensuse-project.2011-04-20-18.07.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Old Action Items  (prusnak, 18:11:15)
  * ACTION: suseROCKs will send an email to conference program committee
    about their meeting, if noone objects, they'll meet on thursday
    evening  (prusnak, 18:26:11)
  * LINK:
    https://connect.opensuse.org/mod/groups/membershipreq.php?group_guid=111
    (prusnak, 18:35:43)
  * ACTION: prusnak add board members as administrators of Members group
    in connect  (prusnak, 18:37:44)
  * ACTION: prusnak ask Bugzilla Steering Committee about bug #682324
    (prusnak, 18:42:38)
  * ACTION: prusnak speak to GregKH about opensuse bugzilla  (prusnak,
    18:46:49)
  * ACTION: AlanClark post final strategy document and create a poll to
    ratify its contents, invite Thomas to the process  (prusnak,
    19:07:48)
  * ACTION: Strategy Proposal to be voted and completed in its current
    form by May 31, 2011  (suseROCKs, 19:11:53)
  * mrdocs to circulate draft presentation  (mrdocs, 19:21:57)

* Status Reports  (prusnak, 19:24:28)

* permission@ requests  (prusnak, 19:34:41)
  * ACTION: AlanClark talk to dragotin and get clarification on brewery
    trademark  (prusnak, 19:56:00)

* Where do we need to improve?  (prusnak, 19:56:40)
  * ACTION: suseROCKs ask admin@o.o about putting a cronjob on opensuse
    infra which will send email reminders  (prusnak, 20:03:00)

* Q & A  (prusnak, 20:07:39)
  * LINK: http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-factory   (mrdocs,
    20:24:00)



Meeting ended at 20:26:00 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* AlanClark
  * AlanClark post final strategy document and create a poll to ratify
    its contents, invite Thomas to the process
  * AlanClark talk to dragotin and get clarification on brewery
    trademark
* prusnak
  * prusnak add board members as administrators of Members group in
    connect
  * prusnak ask Bugzilla Steering Committee about bug #682324
  * prusnak speak to GregKH about opensuse bugzilla
* suseROCKs
  * suseROCKs will send an email to conference program committee about
    their meeting, if noone objects, they'll meet on thursday evening
  * suseROCKs ask admin@o.o about putting a cronjob on opensuse infra
    which will send email reminders



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* prusnak (194)
* suseROCKs (190)
* mrdocs (121)
* AlanClark (46)
* yaloki (27)
* AJaeger (22)
* Abhish (18)
* robjo1 (17)
* jospoortvliet (17)
* manugupt1 (16)
* bugbot (9)
* cboltz (9)
* izabelvalverde (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4