=========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Board Meeting
=========================================


Meeting started by henne at 19:01:24 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2011/opensuse-project.2011-01-12-19.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* openSUSE Foundation  (henne, 19:14:07)
  * ACTION: suseROCKs dig out the records of the foundation discussion
    from the private board meetings and put them to the wiki  (henne,
    19:49:17)
  * ACTION: AlanClark write an announcement about the new process of
    creating the foundation. where the latest information is and how you
    can contribute  (henne, 20:03:46)

* Membership Approval Team  (henne, 20:22:00)
  * ACTION: prusnak talk to the membership official team about handling
    their own membership  (henne, 20:45:14)

* Trademarks  (henne, 20:47:09)

* where do we need to improve?  (henne, 21:09:58)

* Question and answers  (henne, 21:11:33)



Meeting ended at 21:17:28 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* AlanClark
  * AlanClark write an announcement about the new process of creating
    the foundation. where the latest information is and how you can
    contribute
* prusnak
  * prusnak talk to the membership official team about handling their
    own membership
* suseROCKs
  * suseROCKs dig out the records of the foundation discussion from the
    private board meetings and put them to the wiki



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* henne (220)
* suseROCKs (182)
* yaloki (122)
* AlanClark (53)
* vuntz (24)
* rhorstkoetter (15)
* dragotin (12)
* tigerfoot (8)
* mrdocs (8)
* prusnak (6)
* jospoortvliet (6)
* wolfiR_ (6)
* bugbot (5)
* remur_030 (2)
* terrorpup (2)
* truthslave (1)
* Dominian (1)
* rtyler (1)
* yal0ki (1)
* microchip_ (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4