<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:09:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:09:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed May  4 18:09:00 2011 UTC.  The chair is henne. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:09:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:09:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:09:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:09:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> This meeting is meant to discuss the latest developments in and around openSUSE.
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:09:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> The topics for this meeting are:
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:09:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 1. Old Action Items (30 minutes)
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 2. Status Reports (15 minutes)
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 3. permission@ requests (5 minutes)
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:10:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 4. Where do we need to improve? (15 minutes)
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:10:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 5. Questions &amp; Answers (30 minutes)
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:10:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so the standard agenda! lets roll :)
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> First let's check where we are.
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:10:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Old Action Items</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:11:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Project action items you can find in bugzilla with this link. http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:11:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #685648
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:11:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 685648 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "2011 openSUSE Conference Program Committee planning" [Major,Assigned] https://bugzilla.novell.com/685648
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:12:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i think its save to say that this is done right?
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:12:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> sorry im late.. packing for N.A.
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:12:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> bbiab
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:12:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> not sure that we have suseROCKs.  But the program committtee has started meeting.
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:12:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so lets close this one
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:13:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:13:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> then we have Bug #682098
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:13:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 682098 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Decide how we go forward with contributor gifts." [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/682098
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:13:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> AJaeger_away?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'd like to focus a major part of the May 18 meeting on  oSC
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:13:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i wonder what that _away in his nick has to say? 8)
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:14:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the may 18 meeting?
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:14:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> the next project meeting
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> whatever the date is....
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:14:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ah
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:14:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i thought conference meeting
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:15:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> well the agenda is open...
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:15:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> does anyone else know about the progress on the contributor gifts story?
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:16:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> to be decided by aj only lotsof idea have popped though
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:16:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> no, let's leave this one
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:16:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:16:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #685649
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:16:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 685649 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "reminder mail text" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/685649
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:17:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i didn't came around to do this. pushed to next meeting
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #676696
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 676696 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Produce KDE promo DVD/CD sleeve" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/676696
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:17:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and Bug #676695
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:17:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 676695 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Produce KDE promo DVD/CD iso" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/676695
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:18:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> are done. i saw the result :)
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:19:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i'll pack them tomorrow so we can take them to linuxtag
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:19:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'm sure you'll get of requests for them.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:19:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay thats it for project AIs
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:19:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Board action items you can find in bugzilla with this link. http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:20:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah i hope this flies!
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:20:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> if it does we should think about other project that could benefit from DVD's like that
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I agree.  I know that AJ runs into distribution issues and expense. But it's a great idea.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:22:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah but those issues are more about our dvds right?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:23:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> not the GNOME or KDE ones
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:23:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> not always.  I talked to a Gnome guy at a conference over the weekend.  He would love to have had the dvd's that we created, but Gnome hasn't gotten them to him yet.
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:23:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> They're still working on how to distribute them....
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:23:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ah yeah well thats their problem right? ;)
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:24:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anyway. we're getting side-tracked
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:24:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> right - the point is that people do want them :-)
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:24:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i wonder if anyone other then you is here anyway ;)
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:24:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay lets jog on
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:25:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Board action items you can find in bugzilla with this link. http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:25:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #685654
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:25:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 685654 in openSUSE.org (Board) "Webinar/Visit" [Major,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/685654
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> did that happen in april?
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:26:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> no, mrdocs any update?
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:27:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> no that the merger is complete.  I can work with Attachmate to set this up.
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:27:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'll work with mrdocs on this action item.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:27:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:28:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> any ETA?
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:28:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> guesstimate :)
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:29:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Let's put a date for a date of  May 12
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:29:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:29:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so by May 12 we will have a webinar date
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:29:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okidoki
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:30:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #685652
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:30:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 685652 in openSUSE.org (Board) "Member Welcome Mail" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/685652
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:30:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> also dropped on my TODO sorry
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:30:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">(AlanClark:</span> again, for the conference last week-end, we can't blame the foundation: we sent the DVDs straight to this person)
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:31:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> you can always be blamed. youre vuntz
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:31:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i'll see what happens with Bug #685651
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:31:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 685651 in openSUSE.org (Board) "Membership Process" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/685651
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:31:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and do it afterwards
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:31:54 </span><span class="nka">* vuntz</span> <span class="ac">is happy to be blamed and goes back to cooking (and missing the meeting :/)</span>
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:32:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i wrote an email to membership approval team about the new process and updated the wiki accordingly
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:32:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> did you get around to do that?
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:32:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so this is done. cool
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:32:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> basically i removed points that mentioned users.o.o and replaced them with counterparts in connect.o.o
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:32:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> look like i have to do mine tomorrow then...
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:33:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> there are some rough points with connect UI but i guess we'll live with that for now
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:33:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah there where rought points in the users UI so...
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:34:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> leaves one AI. Bug #670590
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:34:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 670590 in openSUSE.org (Board) "user search for bugzilla" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/670590
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:34:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> this one is stalled
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:34:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah lets see what the mergers does with it
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:35:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i was told to contact bugzilla committee but christiah boltz correctly pointed out that they already agreed with that in 2007
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:35:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> so i asked again to apply this change
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:36:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;d1g1tltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> for the membership process: can we shut down users.o.o then?
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:36:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> good eve
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:36:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">d1g1tltom:</span> how about redirecting? :)
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:37:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;d1g1tltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> we should do that
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:37:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">d1g1tltom:</span> good idea, redirect seems nice
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:38:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;d1g1tltom&gt;</span> ok i'll push this and get connect into the bento navigation
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:38:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:38:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> oh i missed one AI
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:39:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #670594
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:39:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 670594 in openSUSE.org (Board) "Write an announcement about the new process of creating the foundation." [Critical,Assigned] https://bugzilla.novell.com/670594
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:39:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> d1g1tltom any guess when you have this complete - I want to try going through the process
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:39:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;d1g1tltom&gt;</span> but there's quite some noise in the membership team about the complicated process and the split in 2 tools
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:39:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> split in 2 tools?
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:39:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> retro + connect
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:39:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ah
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:39:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;d1g1tltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> should be done till end of week, but you can go through the process already now
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:39:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> well it was 2 tools before right?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:40:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this sounds like a perfect application for group polls
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:41:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Can I say something?
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:41:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> try it
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:41:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:41:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Please reply to mails :)
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:41:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:41:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> The one about foundation
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:42:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I expected a reply even it is pushed late
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:42:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> on the foundation list
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:42:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> can you be a little bit more specific?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:42:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> one sec henne
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:42:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-foundation/2011-04/msg00000.html
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:42:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> this one
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:43:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> some people asked about the state of the foundation on opensuse-foundation ML
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:43:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yep i know
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:43:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> also asked on IRC and I told him to wait for your announcement
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:43:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> manugupt1, I'll  go look for the thread and respond to it.
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:43:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> I mean it does not look good honestly
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:44:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> No offence over here
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:44:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I must have missed it while traveling...
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:44:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Thanks..
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:45:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> henne, let me make a couple comments on the Foundation.
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:45:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> shoot
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:45:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:46:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> The merger has slowed the process, particularly the area of the bylaws.  We should be able to get that back on track in a couple weeks.  But we have 2 items that we should be working on and get finished now.
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:47:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Those are the Trademark guidelines update and
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:47:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> the Branding guidelines
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:47:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We also need to get the Strategy document posted and approved by the members.
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:48:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Guess that makes 3 items....
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:48:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I will get us back on track with the bylaws in about 3 weeks.
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:48:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I have a question about trademark too should I keep it for later or ask now?
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:49:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> so what is blocking the Trademark guidelines?
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:49:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> The goal is to have this all done in time for the openSUSE conference.
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:49:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Even the foundation?
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:50:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Let me re-state... The goal is to have the Foundation ready for the 1st members meeting at the openSUSE conference.
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:50:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Cornelius is heading the updates to the Trademark guidelines.
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:51:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> yes, I know. But AFAIK there is a kind of final version
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:51:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Don't know that there is a hold up per say
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:51:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> how do we get that in place to be official?
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:51:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> copy the wiki page...
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:52:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> we discussed that on the project list IIRC and it was good so far
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:53:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> So let's have take an AI to get a report from Cornelius at the next project meeting.
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:53:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes. no disagreement
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:53:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> ah, sorry, the draft seems not to be on the wiki yet
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:53:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I'll talk to Cornelius about that
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:53:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> it doesn't have to be
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:54:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we discussed the changes
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:54:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we just have to apply them
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:54:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> right?
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:54:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'll also have suseROCKS add the Branding guidelines to the marketing team agenda
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:54:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I am sure cornelius already did
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:55:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> what is hte branding guideline?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:55:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/index.php?title=openSUSE:Trademark_guidelines&amp;action=history
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:55:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> he can't. its a protected page
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:55:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Revised_trademark_guidelines
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:56:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I guess its a dead lock or, more human, missunderstanding ;-)
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:56:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> The branding guidelines need some updates to cover  logo usage, fonts, colors, etc.  The work on the updates is underway.  We just need to get it completed and then reviewed.
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:57:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> who works on this? cornelius?
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:57:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> but still, if cornelius posts a revised version, how does it become official?
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:57:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> we copy it over to openSUSE:Trademark_guidelines
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:57:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> what do you expect? goat blood? ;)
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:58:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> hehe, I think the far bigger part concerning the branding is to get that actually done, ie. provide the branding packages
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:58:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> with changed artwork etc.
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:59:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> right.
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:59:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I already talked to javier about the "unbranded", ie. "based on openSUSE" artwork
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:59:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so who works on this? cornelius?
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:59:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> he volunteered
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:59:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and javier
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:59:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> who else?
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:59:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> cornelius owns the document
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:59:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> Who is the actual owner of the Trademarks? Novell, SUSE Products or Attachmate?
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:59:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> javier volunteered to work on the artwork
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">19:00:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> coolo works with javier to get the branding package mess sorted
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">19:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> dragotin tries to get that going
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">19:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> and so on ;-)
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">19:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay then i assign this AI to cornelius
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">19:01:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> all that happened under the assumption that the recently discussed trademark guideline is ok so far
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">19:01:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> otherwise we wouldn't need the "based on openSUSE" branding, riight?
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">19:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> sigkill , I'll get with Cornelius to get the ownership statement updated to reflect Attachmate
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">19:02:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> And after the Foundation comes up, they owns the Trademarks? Need we an update then?
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">19:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Attachmate will continue to own the trademarks.  Ownership doesn't change.  The Foundation will continue with the same rights that the openSUSE project has today to license and manage the trademarks as per the trademark guidelines
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">19:03:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> Thanks for clarification :-)
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">19:04:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay so I see 2 new AI's now
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">19:04:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> implementing the brainding packages. this one would go to javier
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">19:04:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> implementing the "based on openSUSE" brainding packages. this one would go to javier
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">19:05:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> wait - that is a hell lot of work
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">19:05:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and applying the changes to the wiki page
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">19:05:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> that one I can do
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">19:05:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> we can not simply  assign Javier an AI
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">19:05:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the wiki page depends on the branding packages
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">19:05:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> he volunteered to look into that and start
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">19:05:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> why can't we?
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">19:05:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> but I think we need more people to make that a success
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">19:06:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> like?
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">19:06:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> so maybe somebody here volunteers to pick up parts of the packaging work?
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">19:06:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> do we need Javier to scope it first or is that something that can be done now?
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">19:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> Its already a lot of work to find out WHAT has to be debranded
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">19:07:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> javier knows everything about artwork packaging
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">19:07:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> he does our artwork :)
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">19:07:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> hi
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">19:07:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and he's very competent and can request help if he needs it
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">19:08:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> the packaging isn't a problem
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">19:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> I wouldn't mind if Robert helps me a lil bit :)
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">19:09:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay but you can drive this :)
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">19:09:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">19:10:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay cool :)
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">19:10:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks javier
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">19:11:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> this openSUSE-based artwork reminds me of SUSE Studio
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">19:11:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> you're welcome :)
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">19:13:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so did we capture an AI here?
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">19:14:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">19:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #691779
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">19:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 691779 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Implement "based on openSUSE" branding packages" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/691779
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">19:14:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i'll make another on to apply the changes to the wiki page and assign it to me?
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">19:16:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> which will be blocked by javiers
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">19:19:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay Bug #691780
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">19:19:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 691780 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Apply proposed Trademark Guidelines changes to the wiki page" [Normal,Assigned] https://bugzilla.novell.com/691780
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">19:20:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> ok, so brighter background + logo with "based on" words
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">19:20:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> that's the basic idea, no?
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">19:20:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> so i assign 670594 back to you?
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">19:21:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">19:21:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">javier:</span> i think so yes
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">19:21:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">19:22:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> alright. 1,5 hours for action items. not bad....
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">19:22:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> next topic then?
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">19:22:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> next topic
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">19:23:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">19:23:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we closed 4 action items and opened 2 new ones about the trademark guidelines</span>
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">19:23:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status Reports</span>
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">19:24:15 </span><span class="nka">* henne</span> <span class="ac">throws a banana at bugbot</span>
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">19:25:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> uhm
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">19:25:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> did the banana fix it?  If it did I'll buy you more bananas
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">19:26:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status Reports</span>
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">19:26:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> grmlb
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">19:26:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Teams and individuals send various status reports around. For instance Coolo sends one for the distribution to opensuse-factory, the OBS team publishes meeting minutes on their mailinglist, the boosters their "What are the boosters up to" blogposts. Are there any questions regarding those or do we need to discuss anything in detail?
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">19:26:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Or does anyone wants to give a live status report of something?
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">19:27:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> just a short one about gsoc
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">19:27:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> the final number of slots we were given is 16
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">19:27:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> mentors are already communicating with students and you can see first posts on planetsuse and project ML
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">19:28:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay cool :)
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">19:29:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> way exciting to see this begin.
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">19:29:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anyone else?
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">19:29:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">19:29:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay then lets move on
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">19:29:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">no questions arose. pavol gave a quick update on GSoC.</span>
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">19:30:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">permission@ requests</span>
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">19:30:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> there is only one request. the brewery request
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">19:30:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> This should be a quick one.
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">19:30:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> At last meeting, a discussion arose regarging adding language
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">19:31:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> language?
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">19:31:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> to the approval, stating that permission would need to be granted yearly
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">19:31:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I took the AI to talk to Klaas
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">19:31:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I did that.
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">19:31:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Bottom line is that the Brewery will not do openSUSE brew if we put in such a stipulation
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">19:32:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> well I also don't see a reason to do that
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">19:32:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> My recommendation is that we approve the brewery without such a stipulation
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">19:32:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we do that so we can make sure that the people not connected to us or the project can't go wild forever right?
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">19:32:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so we need a board vote.
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">19:32:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> do we have quorum?
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">19:33:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> or should I join as mrdocs3? :)
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">19:33:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> we have clause in there that stipulates that we can terminate their usage
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">19:33:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> sounds reasonable
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">19:33:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes sure and the yearly reneweal we need for people we don't know
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">19:34:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i know the brewer
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">19:34:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> klaas knows the brewer
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">19:34:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we work with him together
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">19:34:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so no need to. lets vote
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">19:34:41 </span><span class="nka">* henne</span> <span class="ac">throws a pineapple at mrdocs</span>
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">19:34:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> and most important: the Old Toad is not important for him. Only for us ;-)
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">19:35:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> right - we are his main audience.  Realistically he's brewing for us.
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">19:35:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> er - for those close enough to the brewery
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">19:35:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay lets vote
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">19:35:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> but Old Toad is currently no business case for him, because its not much
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">19:36:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> so he does it because he likes the idea. Not for business
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">19:36:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Alan votest yes
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">19:36:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">19:36:45 </span><span class="nka">* prusnak</span> <span class="ac">votes yes</span>
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">19:36:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> now is the time to come back
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">19:37:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok, if mrdocs isn't here, I'll gather their votes off line.
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">19:37:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Let's not drag this through another 2 weeks waiting for a meeting.
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">19:38:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> please
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">19:38:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">19:38:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'll close this offline. let's move to the next topic.
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">19:38:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we agreed that we don't need a yearly renweal and had 3 yes votes for the brewery request</span>
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">19:38:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#undo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">19:38:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Removing item from minutes: &lt;MeetBot.items.Info object at 0x143fd10&gt;
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">19:39:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we agreed that we don't need a yearly renweal and had 3 yes votes for the brewery request. Alan gathers the rest offline</span>
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">19:39:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> offline=on board mailing list
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">19:39:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Where do we need to improve?</span>
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">19:39:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> This topic is about quick, small, actionable problems we have. Stuff we can solve between this and the next meeting.
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">19:39:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Everybody can add ideas to openFATE
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">19:40:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> see http://bit.ly/opensuse_improve
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">19:40:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> there are no new things in the queue
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">19:40:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> does anyone has an idea here? :)
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">19:41:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> All the status reports to be published on news.o.o??
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">19:41:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> How does it sound?
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">19:42:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> great. go out and make it happen :)
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">19:42:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. I cannot do that alone but then lets put some ideas I have
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">19:42:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> like what are boosters upto can be moved to news.o.o
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">19:43:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> please elaborate
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">19:43:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> And I am trying the same for ambassadors
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">19:43:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Whatever we are doing is either on ML or personal blog
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">19:43:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">19:43:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Like blogs like what are the boosters upto
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">19:43:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> is on your blog should be moved to news.o.o so that more people know
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">19:44:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ambassadors what they are doing should also be on news.o.o so that more people know
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">19:44:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> well not in the form it is now
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">19:44:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Why?
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">19:44:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> its too technical for our general news outlet
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">19:44:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and i don't want to write it for such an wide audience
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">19:44:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Still its great to let people know
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">19:45:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> well it goes onto the planet so...
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">19:45:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Still news has a wider audience the media watches over the news
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">19:45:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes but my blog posts about what we do are not written for that audience
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">19:45:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> they are written for our contributors
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">19:46:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i, for instance, never explain technical details
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">19:46:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> you know what I mean?
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">19:46:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Well yes but again I think its better to do this way
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">19:46:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this task is not simply about changing blogs
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">19:47:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We represent a community that is technically active :)
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">19:47:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Also I have noticed due to the increasing news we are gaining more visbility
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">19:47:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> that doesn't mean that we should write nonesense (to them) to our audience
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">19:48:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> you know what I mean?
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">19:48:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Yes.. I understand
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">19:48:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> But I will sugest trying it for atleast one post and look at the reception
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">19:48:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> all the status reports I know of need to be reworked to fit onto news.o.o
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">19:49:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> thats an ongoing major task
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">19:49:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> ok..
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">19:50:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but please do it :)
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">19:50:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> please please pretty please with sugar on top
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">19:50:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Will try in holidays not before that ok..
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">19:51:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> sure. whenever you are ready
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">19:51:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span>  I'm guessing that  your suggestion was for the Ambassador reports I'd like to see us get to the point where upcoming Ambassador activities/events are placed on news as well
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">19:51:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> again a lot of ongoing work...
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">19:51:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> yes I am already making a news item
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">19:52:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> I have a few things from Ambassdor side as well
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">19:52:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> good!
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">19:53:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Lots of events have taken place and we conducted a survey
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">19:53:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> if you could make that a series of whats happening in the project this would be great
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">19:53:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> I can do that about what I know :)
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">19:53:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> do tell ;)
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">19:53:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> I can tell from ambsadors side right now
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">19:54:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> let me brief
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">19:54:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> it just has to be monthly or whatever fits your schedule
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">19:54:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> ok..
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">19:54:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> In the last 2 months 20 ambassdors approx joined
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">19:54:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> just do it [tm]
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">19:54:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> WIP for ambassadors wating for news team to approve
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">19:55:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> http://news.opensuse.org/?p=8735&amp;preview=true
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">19:55:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> youre waiting for a review?
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">19:55:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> yes
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">19:55:40 </span><span class="nka">* henne</span> <span class="ac">looks at it</span>
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">19:56:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay next topic then
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">19:56:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">19:56:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> as we don't have any small, actionable solutions to problems
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">19:57:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. its QA then
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">19:57:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">there where no new ideas in openFATE and none in the channel. We discussed a bit about what we can do with the Status Reports on news.o.o but decided that this is ongoing work. Manu is going to look into that</span>
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">19:57:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Questions &amp; Answers</span>
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">19:57:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Question to be asked
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">19:57:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Can I?
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">19:58:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">19:58:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. Now that the merger has taken place
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">19:58:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">there were no questions on the meeting page in the wiki</span>
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">19:59:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> So all the things sponsored will have SUSE on them or Attachmate since there are 4 different business units
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">19:59:17 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">prefers SUSE</span>
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">19:59:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> like sponsored by SUSE
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">19:59:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> on tshirts and stuff like that my quesiton is over
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">20:00:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> For Linux it will be SUSE.  So if you have a penquin with Novell written on it.  It's a museum piece.
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">20:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Good Awesome I dont have any :) plus great marketing too
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">20:00:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I believe for OBS too
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">20:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> what about the existing materials we will still use them right?
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">20:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">20:01:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Good.. Thanks all queries have been anwered
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">20:02:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anything else we need to discuss?
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">20:02:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Who's our moderator next time?
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">20:02:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> peter
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">20:03:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> right? :)
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">20:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> sold to peter ;-)
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">20:03:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Okay that's it then. If you have more, don't hesitate to bring it up on the appropriate mailinglist.
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">20:04:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The next project meeting will be in two weeks. Same channel (#opensuse-project), same time (18:00 UTC).</span>
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">20:04:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#undo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">20:04:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Removing item from minutes: &lt;MeetBot.items.Info object at 0x143fd10&gt;
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">20:04:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> henne, thanks for running the meeting.
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">20:04:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">manugupt1 asked about the sponsor signs we sometimes uses on stuff that is payed from Novell. AlanClark said that will change to SUSE.</span>
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">20:05:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The next project meeting will be in two weeks. Same channel (#opensuse-project), same time (18:00 UTC).</span>
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">20:05:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Thank you all for participating. Good night and good luck!
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">20:05:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
