<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Nov 16 18:04:56 2011 UTC.  The chair is henne. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:05:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> mrdocs,   we'll have to vote on whether we can vote sooner  :-D
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:05:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:05:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> :D
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:05:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:05:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> This meeting is meant to discuss the latest developments in and around openSUSE.
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:05:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> The topics for this meeting are:
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:05:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> * Status Reports (15 minutes)
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:05:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> * openSUSE Conference 2012
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:05:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> * Board F2F
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:06:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> * Old Action Items (30 minutes)
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> * Where do we need to improve? (15 minutes)
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> * Questions &amp; Answers (30 minutes)
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:06:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> board round call: who's here?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:07:00 </span><span class="nka">* prusnak</span> <span class="ac">here</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:07:04 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">here</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:07:06 </span><span class="nka">* henne</span> <span class="ac">here</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:07:07 </span><span class="nka">* mrdocs</span> <span class="ac">here</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:07:08 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">there</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> we have a quorum
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:07:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> smells like teen quorum
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:07:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay let's roll
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:07:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status Reports</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:08:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Teams and individuals send various status reports around. For instance Coolo sends one for the distribution to opensuse-factory, the OBS team publishes meeting minutes on their mailinglist, the boosters their "What are the boosters up to" blogposts. Are there any questions regarding those or do we need to discuss anything in detail? Or does anyone wants to give a live status report of something?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:08:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Isn't there an itemized list on the agenda?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:08:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:08:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I wrote down 12.1 as one of the subtopics
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:09:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so lets start with 12.1 then...
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:09:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so who want's to give a status update on this?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:09:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> just to say Thanks! to everyone who helped get the release completed, released and marketed
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:09:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'll give my end of the corner on 12.1
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:09:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Marketing seems to be doing very well.   People actually had a chance to sleep most nights before release.
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:09:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> piwik seems to have exploded which is imo a good sign
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we need everyone to step up and help with any social media reptition (retweeting) they can do
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:10:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> very positive press articles/reviews
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:10:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Also, while I'm seeing #suse not high traffic, I am also seeing that we are jumping in leaps and bounds with new joins to the Facebook openSUSE group
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:10:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> 12.1 despite a lot of new bits, seems to work well
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:11:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and with that, we need more people to step up and provide support in Facebook discussions
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:11:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We've seen 100 people join today alone,  and in the last few days about 300 total so far and growing
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:11:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Lots of excitable support.  I'm not seeing anything excessively negative in any form
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:12:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what is that?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:12:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> something like a forum?
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:12:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> infrastructure-wise here in openSUSE, we seem to have gone without a hitch, so congrats to all you guys for that
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:12:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Also Accg to google webmaster 12.1 impressions far exceed 11.4
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:12:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> google webmaster?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   We have a page and a group in Facebook (amongst many of the independent ones there as well)   and people often put in their support questions there
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:12:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> i guess the numbers were about #suse chan
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:13:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> It is an account created by Matt at Google a very old one
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:13:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   my numbers were for the Facebook Group
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:13:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> ah okay
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:13:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have about 6,100 members now in FB Group alone
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:13:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> who has access to it and what does it do?
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:13:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> did you post something to the forums about this?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:14:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   not yet
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:14:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> you should. forum folk is facebook folk :P
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:14:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   webmaster is sort of an indexing-maximization tool that Google offers.    Does a pretty decent job (within Google's constraints of course)
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:15:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Also one other thing.   How do we push people to seed the torrents?    We're seeing people on Facebook ask for more seeds out there.
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:16:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> just don't close the client after downloading
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:16:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Matt and Me, just looks for google crawling and makes up statistics
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:16:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kknundy&gt;</span> I have a suggestion in this regard. Maybe from next time we can have a readme.txt in the torrent files with a note requesting seeds?
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:16:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,  I think that's oversimplifying
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:17:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> please send me
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:17:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Send me your gmail id
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:17:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> there are people with great bandwidth who can seed after doing a regular http download.
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:17:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> hennevogel
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:17:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Those folks would normally never use torrents, but we can encourage them that its their civic duty to do so  :-)
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:17:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> those people already seed
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:17:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Sent
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:17:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   Huh?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:18:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> darix has some network there
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:18:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> people on Facebook are reporting seeing only 7 seeds
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Abhish,   You're currently torrenting, what do you see?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:19:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> the number itself is not that important
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:19:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kknundy&gt;</span> i586 or x86_64?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:19:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kknundy&gt;</span> 64 bit is very slow
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:19:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> kknundy,   You referring to torrent?
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:20:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kknundy&gt;</span> in fact, my i586 seed is uploading faster than my 64 is downloading
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:20:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kknundy&gt;</span> suseROCKs yes
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:20:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> anyway i don't see how we can change anything by discussion, just tell the people to seed more
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:20:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   that's the question of the discussion  :-)
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:20:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> How do we tell people to seed more?
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:20:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> like we tell people everything
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:21:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> news.o.o, twitter, facebook, mail
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:21:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> would one of you like to write a news article on that?
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:21:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Give some technical insight about how "easy it is to do"?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:21:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> can do
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:22:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> will do
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:22:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">henne to write seeding article for 12.1 pronto</span>
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:22:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> pronto :)
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:22:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> our own tracker reports 390 seeders
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:23:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anyway. I'll write something up
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:23:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> next report?
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:23:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that's all I have on my end for 12.1   Anyone else ahve 12.1 stuff?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:24:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Actually I have one final thing to say marketing-wise
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:24:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> With the launch of 12.1... this marks my official step-down as Marketing Team lead.     I want to thnk everyone for all their support and wonderful enthusiasm over the past two years.
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:25:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'll still be around, but will take on a significantly lesser role
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:25:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> End status update  :-D
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:25:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> who's going to lead the efforts now?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:25:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kknundy&gt;</span> suseROCKs Here's to more of Bryen time!
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:25:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   AJaeger and Jos are handling things for now in the interim until someone else steps up
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:26:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i see
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:26:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thanks kknundy
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:26:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> thanks suseROCKs for your marketing efforts!
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:26:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i hope we get by without a leader :)
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:27:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> thanks bryen
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:28:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> move on!
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:28:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Thanks suseROCKs
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:28:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> manugupt1 are you going to say something about Code in?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Abhish&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Good idea. SOrry, I was ggetting breakfast. I see 32 seeders with 100% and 371 partials.
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Abhish&gt;</span> Download speed is good when my router isn't freaking out.
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:29:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> vuntz made me and Matt Baringer the admins today, we need to add tasks to code-in and invite mentors ; contest will start from 21st and students will start pourring from there
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:29:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so Torrenting is improving then.  Good
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:29:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Thats all I think I have to say..  and yes announcement goes on friday
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:30:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   Question for you...
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:30:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> where do we collect taks?
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:30:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:GCI_Tasks
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:30:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> yes suseROCKs
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:30:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Given that the dynamics are somewhat different for GCI sstudents from GSoC students, how do we attract them to openSUSE?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:30:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Later we add it to melange which I will do tomorrow..
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:30:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Abhish&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I can step up to take over some dduties, but need some tutoring on exactly what that entails, :3
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:31:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Abhish,   we can talk about that in marketing after this meeting.
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:31:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> #gsoc channel is pretty exciting and I think students will present themselves but advertising in schools would be a ood idea local schools
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:31:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we need these students by Monday, right?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:32:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> local to what?
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:32:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> local to your area
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:32:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> "local" is immaterial here  :-)
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:32:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Abhish&gt;</span> Monday is a very short deadline.
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:32:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Task will open from 21st so students will start claiming the tasks from then
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:33:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Its not public for students now
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:33:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> how do we make sure we get them to claim ours and not some other Project's?  That's the question here.   We want to see success but ....
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:33:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so you're saying we need to mob the #gsoc channel to let them know about us?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:34:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We cannot do that.. as students interested will have to come and pick up tasks themselves only more articles or news thats it imo but if you have ideas let me know
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:34:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay can you run us through it from the student perspective?
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:34:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> they go to google. then to melange
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:34:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> then what?
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:35:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that's the point,  I have no idea how a student is connected to this
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:35:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Abhish&gt;</span> What incentive do we offer to get students to work on our stuff as opposed to some other project though?
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:35:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Abhish,    We're openSUSE...  incentive enough?
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:35:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> they go to google-melange, they choose a task from a list of task, the mentor helps him / her and then once a task is done mentor reviews it.
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:35:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Abhish,   Actually, its about what tasks interest students the most.   And then when they meet potential mentors   that the mentor makes them feel wanted.
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:36:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,  I think you missed something there
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:36:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Once a task is done, the students gets a tshirt &amp; certi from google. after 3 tasks he  / gets a 100 USD certi
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:36:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> is there like a full master list of every task FOSS-wide?  or tasks grouped by Project?
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:36:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Grouped by project I believe but I havent had enough time to explore it
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:37:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:37:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> It is out for a few hours only now
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:37:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:37:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> any other updates?
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:38:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Is anyone here from the election team?
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:38:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> election officials: whats the status of the board election?
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:38:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> digitltom?
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:38:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff?
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:38:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ηερε
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:38:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> here
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:38:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I do have a question about the election
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:38:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> around at least ;-)
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:38:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I hope I can answer, tell me
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:39:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but first any status updates from your team, warlordfff?
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:39:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Abhish&gt;</span> We  could try viral marketing. Do we have anybody good with editing and creating videos?
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:39:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> about the board election...
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:39:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> what do you mean? my mind is a bit melted down the last days...
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:39:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> How about,  Do we have any candidates yet?  :-)
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:40:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> 3 candidates so far afaik
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:40:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok then tht leads to my question  :-)
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:40:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Some of us were wondering yesterday, looking at the election page,  why candidates aren't listed there yet.   Seems candidates will not be announced until 25th??
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:41:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Honestly ,No idea
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:41:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Have these 3 candidates been reviewed and approved?
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:42:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I think
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:43:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay, if you don't know and have an ouzo bottle as brain, lets move on
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:43:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> :P
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:43:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> then, imo, the committee should be adding those names as they get approved, and not wait until the 25th.   That's not how it ws done in the past.
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:43:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> any other status updates?
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:43:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> nop
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:43:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:44:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> please raise your concerns on commitee mailinglist, might be better way
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:44:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> i guess you/we should complain to e-o@o.o
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:44:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay let's move on the
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:44:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> n
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:44:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Conference 2012</span>
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:44:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> someone noted down
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:44:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> "location cost-benefit analysis"
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:44:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> That was me
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:45:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We need to start thinking about osc12
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:45:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> explain yourself stranger!
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:45:27 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">is strange</span>
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:45:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so someone finally outted AlanClark as strange....
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:45:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> cause I drink root beer :-)
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:46:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> some items need long lead times
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:46:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay can you maybe narrow "think" down a bit?
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:46:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> such as gathering sponsors, determining a location, etc
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:46:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> For a start I wrote that we should discuss location.
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:47:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Nürnberg
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:47:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We held it in NUE for 2011, Are there other locations to consider?
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:47:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> NUE or Prague
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:48:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Prague was discussed last time
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:48:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i don't see any other options honestly
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:48:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'd love an excuse to visit Praha
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:48:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> only location where we have a strong base of people that can get their hands dirty
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:48:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> me too
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:48:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> henne you willing to get your hands dirty again this year?
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:49:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> he looks Amish, of course he's willing to get dirty
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:49:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> would be nice to have Prague this year,
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:49:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> not in a way like osc11, but sure. we need people to do stuff
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:49:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> like driving to the location and talking people
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:49:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> talking to a caterer
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:49:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> getting a party together
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:50:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> an address to deliver shit to
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:50:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and that's why AlanClark is bringing this up now.    So hopefully someone volunteers to be willing to lead this analysis assessment quickly so decisions cn be made and plans initiated
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:50:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> stuff like that
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:50:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so Mauii sounds nice too
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:51:08 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">remember that last year in February was already too late ...</span>
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:51:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but unless you have someone willing in Mauii to do that stuff, forget about it :)
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:51:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> there's other considerations besides cool locations.    Such as how do we ship all the SUSE folks around when currently, it's almost "free" in NUE
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:51:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> So we can simply move forward with NUE or Prague unless some one in the community would like to suggest an alternate
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:51:50 </span><span class="nka">* Falafel</span> <span class="ac">is actually Abhish. Got booted and the server doesn't like my nick anymore.</span>
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:52:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Greece?
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:52:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:52:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> it's almost raining is September in Greece :D
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:52:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> I don't know anyone in Praha who said they would be willing
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:52:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we have the people, the other stuff is what worries me
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:52:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> in September
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:52:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Greece means paying for all those SUSE folks to fly down there + hotel.    Right now many don't have to move around in NUE.   That will impact costs or make  smaller event
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:52:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> other stuff?
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">18:53:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> place mainly
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">18:53:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i will ask prague colleagues to ask their managers
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">18:53:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but I could make a research, we had some ideas about Akademy
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">18:53:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> if we don't find 10 people that can commit to help exclusively during the conference
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">18:53:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> prague is out of option
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">18:53:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> that's the spirit :)
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">18:54:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> do you think that's a good idea?
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">18:54:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> who!  My house just got buzzed by a low-flying aircraft.
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">18:54:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> very much so
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">18:54:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> or make it rather 20? :)
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">18:54:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> nah, 5-10 is good
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">18:54:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so try to find 10
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">18:54:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> allright, will report on next board meeting
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">18:54:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">18:55:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> finding people isn't a problem if we plan ahead.   The bigger problem  (or question) is the cost-benefit analysis.    If we are entertaining ideas for other locations we have to look at overall feasibility, not just how cheap a facility is.
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">18:55:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> please do that too
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">18:55:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Falafel&gt;</span> Seems Nuremberg is really the most practical location. Heck, if I had my way we would do it here in Riverside... but thats not much more practical than Prague or Greece in my estimation.
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">18:55:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> οκ
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">18:55:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">18:56:11 </span><span class="nka">* Abhish</span> <span class="ac">is himself again.</span>
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">18:56:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> maybe you can come up with a rough number of people, and a number for costs for some cool location
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">18:56:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Ok, to close this topic today I will follow up with warlordfff and prusnak
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">18:56:19 </span><span class="nka">* cartman</span> <span class="ac">wonders who Falafel is</span>
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">18:56:34 </span><span class="nka">* Abhish</span> <span class="ac">was Falafel.</span>
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">18:56:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> and will create a summary for a future project meeting
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">18:56:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">18:57:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span>  ok but i could use a month for that
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">18:57:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Abhish:</span> did you mean Riverside/LA ?
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">18:57:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> For example,  One of the cheapest places to fly to Europe internationally is Brussels.   Its usually hundreds of dolalrs cheaper than other locations in Europe
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">18:57:01 </span><span class="nka">* kknundy</span> <span class="ac">has Falafel for lunch!</span>
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">18:57:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Abhish&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> Correct.
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">18:57:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">prusnak find 10 people that can commit to help exclusively during the conference for prague</span>
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">18:57:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Abhish:</span> ok :)
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">18:57:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Thessaloniki is cheap city too
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">18:57:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">warlordfff find 10 people that can commit to help exclusively during the conference. check locations</span>
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">18:57:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Abhish&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Thats a good idea.
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">18:57:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   not from international flight.
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">18:57:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> much cheaper than Athens and better located
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">18:57:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Greece is very expensive to fly to internationally compared to Brussels.
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">18:57:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> don't know that
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">18:58:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay can we move on?
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">18:58:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and that's something that has to be taken into consideration during the cost analysis  :-)
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">18:58:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> let's not do the details here.
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">18:58:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> right,  I'm only pointing out that we can't make a decision just on facility costs alone
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">18:58:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we're not stupid :)
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">18:58:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no you're just bald
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">18:59:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> bearded maybe
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">18:59:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Abhish&gt;</span> The hair is starving.
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">18:59:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay let's move on
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">18:59:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Board face to face meeting</span>
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">18:59:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> also your's
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">18:59:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Once elections are completed I would like the Board to hold a F2F
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">18:59:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> as soon as possible
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">19:00:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> sounds good
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">19:00:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> where?
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">19:00:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> It would be good to meet as a board and set goals and address needed changes
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">19:00:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> the obvious choice is prior or after FOSDEM, but as suseROCKs noted we might use other opportunity to spread openSUSE there (FOSDEM already has big openSUSE presence)
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">19:00:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> The open question is where/when
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">19:01:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> with minimal expense
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">19:01:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> if the expense is the only priority then it is FOSDEM
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">19:01:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> both of those question have an obvious dependency on "who" right?
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">19:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> right
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">19:01:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> and many of us will be there already
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">19:01:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so...
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">19:01:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so we probably can't answer the question today.
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">19:01:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> judging by the number of board applications
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">19:01:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   money + bang for buck is a blended consideration IMO
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">19:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kknundy&gt;</span> thellasonki tickets cost nearly double that of brussels/frankfurt
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">19:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> But I wanted to raise this early so that everyone including those running for board seats have as much early notice as possible
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">19:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;kknundy&gt;</span> from both usa and asia
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">19:03:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> end of January until mid February is no-no for me
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">19:03:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> point well taken
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">19:03:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> seems we have a lot of conversational lags today  :-)
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">19:03:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> you are not going to fosdem?
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">19:03:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> its called multi tasking :)
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">19:03:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> India
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">19:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> so prior to the week that starts with the 23rd its okay
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">19:03:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> isn't FOSDEM first of Feb, so is FOSDEM not an option?
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">19:03:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I suggest you guys take a look at some FOSS calendar of events globally and see what is optimal for Feb/March
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">19:04:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> nope I'm not going to FOSDEM this year
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">19:04:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> next year...
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">19:04:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> its safe for me to visit FOSDEM this year??
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">19:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> you will miss me :)
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">19:04:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> fosdem is never safe, lots of punks fighting for chairs in full rooms ;)
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">19:05:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yeah but no bald-headed Amish dudes  :-)
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">19:05:13 </span><span class="nka">* warlordfff</span> <span class="ac">loves punks ;-)</span>
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">19:05:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and I don't think that doing it at a conference is such a bright idea
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">19:05:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> might safe some bucks
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">19:05:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but usually people are overloaded on conferences
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">19:05:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> helping on booths, giving talks
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">19:05:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> wouldn't do it at the conference, but before or after
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">19:05:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   My suggestion is is to not do it at a conference where you will do extreme presence.
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">19:05:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> there too
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">19:06:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So like FOSDEM requires a lot of energy...  therefore you'd be sapped by time of board meeting afterwrrd.
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">19:06:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">19:06:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Abhish&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> I'd be down to hold it in India.
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">19:06:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but a smaller event... where presence is lightweight but visible... That's ag ood bang for buck
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">19:06:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> might be even worse because you will have less people there
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">19:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> one option would be to meet in NUE and Provo office and have a F2F using the teleconference thingie
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">19:06:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and those smaller events will love you and remember you for making such a gracious appearance
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">19:07:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Abhish&gt;</span> Where are the majority of board members located?
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">19:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Abhish:</span> we don't know yet ;)
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">19:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> nobody knows
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">19:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> definitely an option
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">19:07:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> F2F via television for two whole days doesn't sound pleasing  :-)
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">19:07:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">19:07:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Abhish:</span> from California to Czech Republic at the moment
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">19:07:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> F2T
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">19:07:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> I thought of that as well. That could be a viable option
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">19:08:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Abhish&gt;</span> Well, if they are mostly in the US... depending on the number of attendess I may havea  free venue here in SOCal.
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">19:08:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> besides im the prettiest one on camera :P
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">19:08:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> mrdocs,   if you're prettiest, then the rest must be seriously fugly
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">19:08:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> do beginning of January or without me :)
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">19:08:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Abhish:</span> im in SFO FYI...
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">19:08:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anything else we can record about this?
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">19:09:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Abhish&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> ?
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">19:09:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Abhish:</span> i am moving from France to San Francisco permanently
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">19:09:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I will take the action to begin a list of potential dates/locations and will then pass that around to the board members
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">19:09:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> ooops
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">19:10:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> konversation crashed
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">19:10:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> once the election committee has posted the candidates we can include them on the dicussion as well.
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">19:10:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> damn, mrdocs came back
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">19:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> please do that list somewhere where everyone can see it :)
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">19:10:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> like http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Board_face_to_face_meeting
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">19:10:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> or something
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">19:10:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span>  I'll add it to the project meeting agenda page.  That's where I propose we create the F2F agenda
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">19:11:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'll put it at the bottom of the page so that it doesn't get in the way
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">19:11:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> use a new page. it doesn't have anything to do with a project meeting right?
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">19:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> or do we want the project to participate in it?
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">19:11:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> ok new page
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">19:12:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">19:12:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark record the possible location, date, agenda on a page in the wiki</span>
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">19:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">19:13:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> nope, next topic
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">19:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#undo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">19:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Removing item from minutes: &lt;MeetBot.items.Action object at 0x1bd0950&gt;
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">19:13:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark record the possible location, date, agenda of a borad face 2 face meeting on a page in the wiki</span>
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">19:13:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Old Action Items</span>
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">19:13:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> There are project wide action items we need to discuss and specific board action items.
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">19:13:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> let's start with the project one
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">19:13:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">19:14:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #691780
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">19:14:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 691780 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Apply proposed Trademark Guidelines changes to the wiki page" [Normal,Assigned] https://bugzilla.novell.com/691780
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">19:14:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the GCI one should be reassigned to manugupt1
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">19:14:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ooops
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">19:14:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I didn't do that yet
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">19:14:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> dropped off my todo somehow
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">19:14:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   Did you do that one yet?
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">19:15:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> shit
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">19:15:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> will do it after the meeting
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">19:15:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">19:15:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> bug #682098
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">19:15:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 682098 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Decide how we go forward with contributor gifts." [Normal,Reopened] https://bugzilla.novell.com/682098
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">19:15:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> is that still dragging on? :)
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">19:16:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> some horses just won't die from beating...
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">19:16:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   not exactly dragging.    Cboltz has been working on it as of last meeting
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">19:16:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> whats the status of that one?
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">19:16:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> its moving forward
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">19:16:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> he's working with AJ on final details
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">19:16:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> or financial details anyway
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">19:16:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> definitely not a dead horse in any case
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">19:17:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> AJaeger, cboltz: please record what you are doing in bugzilla
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">19:17:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> there's no more discussion since the last time - I'm not aware that I have any action in this.
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">19:17:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> We discussed prior to the last meeting but that's it.
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">19:17:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">19:18:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I'm fine to followup with him and answer questoin but if it would be my decision I would do again what I tried before - RESOVLED WONTFIX
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">19:19:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think the last meeting the qeustion centered around  "Who would pay for all this?"
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">19:19:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anyway  cb ain't here,  talk about it now is moot
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">19:19:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> if "all this" costs $5. me
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">19:19:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> yep, let's move on
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">19:20:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay. I'll ping him in the AI
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">19:20:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> What are you doing with American currency?
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">19:20:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #711572
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">19:20:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 711572 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "[AI] Google Code-in" [Normal,Needinfo] https://bugzilla.novell.com/711572
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">19:20:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> that one can be closed now right?
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">19:20:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  he's waiting for it to overtake the Euro :-)
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">19:20:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we are accepted and people work
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">19:20:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we covered this earlier with manugupt1    but status should be changed and manugupt1 should take ownership of this bug
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">19:20:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> no need for that AI anymore
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">19:21:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   or does it close once GCI is in effect?
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">19:21:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> I won't bet to get that old :P
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">19:21:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I thought we keep it open as a track record of our process?
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">19:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the track record is that we closed it as fixed :)
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">19:21:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok then I close it then
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">19:21:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> it won't go away
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">19:22:05 </span><span class="nka">* Abhish</span> <span class="ac">notes that the torrent tracker seems to be malfunctioning, causing frequent stalls.</span>
<a name="l-413"></a><span class="tm">19:22:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'd close it
<a name="l-414"></a><span class="tm">19:22:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> closed it.
<a name="l-415"></a><span class="tm">19:22:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   you mind?  I'm in the middle of it  :-P
<a name="l-416"></a><span class="tm">19:22:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> how nice... a mid-air collision!
<a name="l-417"></a><span class="tm">19:23:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I'm too fast for you grandpa :)
<a name="l-418"></a><span class="tm">19:23:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay thats it with project AI's
<a name="l-419"></a><span class="tm">19:23:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I sid I'd close it    quit stealing other people's jobs!
<a name="l-420"></a><span class="tm">19:23:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> let's move on to board action items
<a name="l-421"></a><span class="tm">19:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais
<a name="l-422"></a><span class="tm">19:24:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> non-disscussable
<a name="l-423"></a><span class="tm">19:24:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes I invented a new word and new spelling.
<a name="l-424"></a><span class="tm">19:24:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> both of them (Bug #670594 and Bug #670590) are only there for decorative purposes right? :)
<a name="l-425"></a><span class="tm">19:24:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 670594 in openSUSE.org (Board) "Write an announcement about the new process of creating the foundation." [Critical,Assigned] https://bugzilla.novell.com/670594
<a name="l-426"></a><span class="tm">19:24:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I don't have anything new to report from last week
<a name="l-427"></a><span class="tm">19:24:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 670590 in openSUSE.org (Board) "user search for bugzilla" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/670590
<a name="l-428"></a><span class="tm">19:24:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> s/week/meeting
<a name="l-429"></a><span class="tm">19:25:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-430"></a><span class="tm">19:25:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> then let's move on to the next topic
<a name="l-431"></a><span class="tm">19:25:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Where do we need to improve?</span>
<a name="l-432"></a><span class="tm">19:25:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> This topic is about quick, small, actionable problems we have. Stuff we can solve between this and the next meeting. Everybody can add ideas to openFATE
<a name="l-433"></a><span class="tm">19:25:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> http://bit.ly/opensuse_improve
<a name="l-434"></a><span class="tm">19:26:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think we're actually finally perfect and leave no room necessary for improvement.
<a name="l-435"></a><span class="tm">19:26:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have reached a significant milestone here!  :-D
<a name="l-436"></a><span class="tm">19:27:36 </span><span class="nka">* henne</span> <span class="ac">scans through the items in fate</span>
<a name="l-437"></a><span class="tm">19:28:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> don't do that ...
<a name="l-438"></a><span class="tm">19:29:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> work you mean? yeah I heard it's infectious
<a name="l-439"></a><span class="tm">19:30:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> all of them see infrastructure related
<a name="l-440"></a><span class="tm">19:31:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay there is nothing in fate
<a name="l-441"></a><span class="tm">19:32:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I've cleaned the quee a bit too
<a name="l-442"></a><span class="tm">19:32:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> leaves only the follow up from #osc11
<a name="l-443"></a><span class="tm">19:32:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:What_to_improve_osc11_session
<a name="l-444"></a><span class="tm">19:32:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i have no idea what this is about
<a name="l-445"></a><span class="tm">19:32:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> except venting of course :)
<a name="l-446"></a><span class="tm">19:33:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so close this topic then
<a name="l-447"></a><span class="tm">19:33:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-448"></a><span class="tm">19:33:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-449"></a><span class="tm">19:34:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">We are flawless, perfect, beautiful and unique snowflakes</span>
<a name="l-450"></a><span class="tm">19:34:19 </span><span class="nka">* Abhish</span> <span class="ac">has discovered milk and honey in coffee is dleicious.</span>
<a name="l-451"></a><span class="tm">19:34:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Who you calling a flake?!?
<a name="l-452"></a><span class="tm">19:34:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Questions &amp; Answers</span>
<a name="l-453"></a><span class="tm">19:34:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> any additional topics we need to discuss?
<a name="l-454"></a><span class="tm">19:34:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I have one  more of a clarification
<a name="l-455"></a><span class="tm">19:34:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> did this meeting generate any question you would like to ask?
<a name="l-456"></a><span class="tm">19:35:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> To clarify, we will have the remaining meetings this year?   Nov 30 and Dec 14  right?  Then after that next meeting is Jan 4th?
<a name="l-457"></a><span class="tm">19:35:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> sounds good to me
<a name="l-458"></a><span class="tm">19:35:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-459"></a><span class="tm">19:35:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Jan 4th sounds horrible :)
<a name="l-460"></a><span class="tm">19:35:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Turn off your hearing aid then
<a name="l-461"></a><span class="tm">19:36:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> alrighty
<a name="l-462"></a><span class="tm">19:36:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Jan 4th is hand-off date for new Board?
<a name="l-463"></a><span class="tm">19:36:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-464"></a><span class="tm">19:37:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so technically 3 more meetings for me.  W00T!
<a name="l-465"></a><span class="tm">19:37:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> unless everyone is hung over from suse brew
<a name="l-466"></a><span class="tm">19:37:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> but the Germans only drink that at Octoberfes right?
<a name="l-467"></a><span class="tm">19:37:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> alright. updated the calendard on news.o.o
<a name="l-468"></a><span class="tm">19:37:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anything else we need to discuss?
<a name="l-469"></a><span class="tm">19:38:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I think we are done in record time
<a name="l-470"></a><span class="tm">19:38:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> except AlanClarks obvious cultural challenges 8)
<a name="l-471"></a><span class="tm">19:38:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no way   record time was 58 minutes a few months go
<a name="l-472"></a><span class="tm">19:38:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ago
<a name="l-473"></a><span class="tm">19:38:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> alrighty
<a name="l-474"></a><span class="tm">19:38:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks henne for moderating today
<a name="l-475"></a><span class="tm">19:38:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Okay that's it then. If you have more, don't hesitate to bring it up on the appropriate mailinglist.
<a name="l-476"></a><span class="tm">19:38:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> yes thanks henne
<a name="l-477"></a><span class="tm">19:38:50 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">thanks henne for being in moderation today  :-D</span>
<a name="l-478"></a><span class="tm">19:38:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The next project meeting will be in two weeks. Same channel (#opensuse-project), same time (18:00 UTC).</span>
<a name="l-479"></a><span class="tm">19:38:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Thank you all for participating. Good night and good luck!
<a name="l-480"></a><span class="tm">19:39:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
