===================================================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project + Board Meeting -- 01-June-2011
===================================================================


Meeting started by suseROCKs at 18:02:26 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2011/opensuse-project.2011-06-01-18.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* openSUSE Project Meeting | Topic:  Status Reports  (suseROCKs,
  18:08:10)
  * Status:  openSUSE 12.1 Milestone 1 is released  (suseROCKs,
    18:12:44)
  * Status:  Kde 4.7b1 will be going into Factory next week  (suseROCKs,
    18:12:57)
  * Status:  Artwork Team is mobilizing to create artwork for 12.1
    (suseROCKs, 18:13:14)
  * Status:  Abhish has worked to form a LUG for openSUSE in Southern
    California  (suseROCKs, 18:13:33)
  * Satus Gnome 3 live ISO now works with Vbox latest 4.08  thanks to
    fcrozat and the Gnome team  (mrdocs, 18:15:28)
  * Status:  openSUSE Build Service is officially renamed as Open Build
    Service  (suseROCKs, 18:15:48)
  * Status IPV6 day  June 8  (mrdocs, 18:17:01)
  * Status: GSOC coding started  (jospoortvliet, 18:17:12)
  * Status GS0C Coding started  (suseROCKs, 18:17:26)

* openSUSE Project + Board meeting | Action Items  (suseROCKs, 18:18:44)

* openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic:  Conference Status
  (suseROCKs, 18:21:06)
  * Conference:  Sponsorship Team intends to release brochure and begin
    contacting potential sponsors by next week  (suseROCKs, 18:25:52)
  * ACTION: Conference:   suseROCKs to poke and get video recordings of
    Conference sessions organized  (suseROCKs, 18:37:22)

* openSUSE Project + Board Meeting | Topic:  New items + Q&A
  (suseROCKs, 18:47:31)
  * LINK: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:KDE_ideas   (Abhish, 18:48:49)
  * LINK: http://wstaw.org/m/2011/06/01/plasma-desktopG18878.jpg
    (jospoortvliet, 18:54:04)
  * LINK: http://wstaw.org/m/2011/06/01/plasma-desktopA23042.jpg
    (jospoortvliet, 18:56:56)



Meeting ended at 18:59:13 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* suseROCKs
  * Conference:   suseROCKs to poke and get video recordings of
    Conference sessions organized



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* suseROCKs (122)
* jospoortvliet (110)
* Abhish (33)
* mrdocs (22)
* manugupt1 (15)
* prusnak (6)
* bugbot (4)
* cboltz (3)
* sshaw (3)
* cb400f (2)
* k-d-l (2)
* Siju (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4