<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">19:00:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">19:00:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Mar  9 19:00:51 2011 UTC.  The chair is henne. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">19:00:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">19:00:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">19:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">19:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> This meeting is meant to discuss the latest developments in and around openSUSE.
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">19:01:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> The topics for this meeting are:
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">19:01:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 1. Old Action Items (30 minutes)
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">19:02:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> #
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">19:02:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 2.
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">19:02:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> # Status Reports (15 minutes)
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">19:02:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> # Where do we need to improve? For ideas see openFATE (15 minutes)
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">19:02:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> # Keys to Social APIs
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">19:02:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 5. openSUSE Domain names
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">19:02:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 6. Questions &amp; Answers (30 minutes)
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">19:03:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> let's roll!
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">19:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Old Action Items</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">19:03:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> first project AI's. you can find them here: http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">19:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #659659
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">19:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 659659 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Top feature list for 11.4" [Normal,Assigned] https://bugzilla.novell.com/659659
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">19:04:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> that on is done right?
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">19:05:19 </span><span class="nka">* henne</span> <span class="ac">rattles jospoortvliets cage</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">19:05:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> well there is a huge document on http://en.opensuse.org/Product_highlights
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">19:05:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i take it this is it
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">19:06:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Is it finished?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">19:06:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I know they've been running around adding and updating
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">19:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah this is mostly done
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">19:07:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> right?
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">19:07:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #676693
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">19:07:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 676693 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Produce GNOME 3 promo DVD/CD iso" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/676693
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">19:07:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #676695
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">19:07:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 676695 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Produce KDE promo DVD/CD iso" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/676695
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">19:07:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> henne, yes mostly done
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">19:07:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and the two sleeve bugs that are attached to those
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">19:08:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i guess we won't get a status update now beause vuntz and _wstephenson are not there
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">19:08:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> vuntz is on vacation and _wstephenson is at kde.in
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">19:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so thats it for project AI's then
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">19:09:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> next sub-topic is board AI's. you can find them here: http://bit.ly/opensuse_board_ais
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">19:09:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #670594
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">19:09:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 670594 in openSUSE.org (Board) "Write an announcement about the new process of creating the foundation." [Critical,Assigned] https://bugzilla.novell.com/670594
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">19:10:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> you wanted to come up with a proposal for this
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">19:10:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> whats the status?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">19:10:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I've written a draft and placed it on the portal:foundation wiki
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">19:10:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> it's ready for review
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">19:11:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Foundation_Invitation_To_Contribute
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">19:11:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> it is
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">19:11:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> you paste faster than i ;-)
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">19:11:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> and I
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">19:11:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> beat me for 2 secs
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">19:11:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> let's have it up for review for 1 week ( best not to conflict with 11.4)
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">19:12:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i actually read the bugzilla entries ;)
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">19:12:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> review for whom?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">19:13:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> at a minimum the board members and those that subscibe to the foundation@ mailing list
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">19:13:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so far only very few people know about it
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">19:13:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ah did you send it there`
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">19:13:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">19:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> not yet - I felt that it would be a distraction today
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">19:14:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> don't worry, email is very unintrusive :)
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">19:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anyway. this is a step further then. very well
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">19:14:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #670589
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">19:14:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 670589 in openSUSE.org (Board) "Review the openSUSE Strategy Document" [Critical,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/670589
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">19:15:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> is mrdocs here?
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">19:15:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> how far did you come here?
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">19:15:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> he excused himself from the meeting :-/
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">19:15:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I've reviewed it, but mrdocs hasn't.
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">19:16:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> we either need to assign this to him  or vote to release with just my small changes
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">19:16:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> depending upon time criticallity
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">19:16:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> well
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">19:16:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we're doing the release without it now...
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">19:17:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'd prefer that mrdocs have his look, but not sure how soon he will be able to get to it
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">19:17:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i would say we still have thise and next week left
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">19:17:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this*
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">19:17:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> then let's assign this AI to him
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">19:17:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but then it should be out
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">19:17:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">19:17:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so that he knows it's on his plate
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">19:18:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> re-assigned
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">19:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #670739
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">19:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 670739 in openSUSE.org (Board) "Setup a meeting to discuss communication with open-slx" [Critical,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/670739
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">19:19:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we have talked to the Novell people
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">19:19:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and now can work on the actual meeting
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">19:19:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> AlanClark are you any further?
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">19:20:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> open-slx ask that discussion be after their 11.4 release - March 18
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">19:20:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah way better
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">19:20:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> is a time frame Stefan gave me
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">19:20:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so put this AI on hold till after that date
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">19:20:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so whats your proposal for a date?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">19:21:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the week right after or the last week of march?
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">19:21:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> good question - let me follow up with Stefan to set up a specific date
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">19:22:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay fair enough
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">19:22:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> guess that makes the AI mine ;-)
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">19:22:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #670797
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">19:22:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 670797 in openSUSE.org (Board) "Merge the board and the project meeting" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/670797
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">19:23:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this is obviously done
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">19:24:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> which leaves Bug #670590
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">19:24:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 670590 in openSUSE.org (Board) "user search for bugzilla" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/670590
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">19:24:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i still didnt came around to do this
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">19:24:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i have to move it another meeting. sorry :-/
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">19:25:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> thats it for old action items then
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">19:25:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> isn't that a problem because you need email-addresses when you want to assign a bug?
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">19:25:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I thought this was something that was going to take some time so wan't expecting it very soon
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">19:26:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we resolved 3 old action items and talked about a couple of others. A lot of AIs are postponed because of the 11.4 release which is more important at the moment.</span>
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">19:27:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bmwiedemann:</span> read the AI. it has info linked
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">19:27:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> next topic?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">19:27:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">19:27:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">19:27:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status Reports</span>
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">19:27:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Teams and individuals send various status reports around.
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">19:27:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Coolo sends one for the distribution, the OBS team publishes meeting minutes, the boosters their "What are the boosters up to" blogposts for instance.
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">19:27:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Are there any questions regarding those or do we need to discuss anything in detail?
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">19:28:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Or does anyone wants to give a live status report of something? :)
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">19:28:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I can give you a small update for the boosters
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">19:29:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> as i probably wont come around blogging for the next 2 weeks
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">19:29:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we have nearly finished our connect milestone
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">19:29:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> which means we have put in a lot of work into connect.opensuse.org to make it useable
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">19:29:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and to have some useful features on top of the user/group management
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">19:30:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so we are going to announce connect next week with the hope of riding on the 11.4 wave a bit :)
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">19:30:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> hrm.. connect is the new 'member' social site or something iirc?
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">19:30:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes. http://connect.opensuse.org
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">19:31:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> Yeah I think I've already gotten my account on there.... yes.. I'm on there already
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">19:31:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> also just today was the arrival of a new booster
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">19:31:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> finally :-)
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">19:31:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> his name is Ismail Dönmez
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">19:32:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> hehe connect.o.o says I have a freenode opensuse member cloak lol
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">19:32:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yay!
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">19:32:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> anyway
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">19:32:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">19:32:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> he comes over to us from from pardus
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">19:32:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> oh cool
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">19:32:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> expect to see more of him :)
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">19:32:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> aka "cartman"
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">19:32:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> welcome Dönmez
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">19:33:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> oh I forgot
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">19:33:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the next milestone we will work on is "Increasing Factory Contributions"
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">19:33:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we will have a kick-off meeting next week where we will brainstorm how to do that
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">19:33:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> henne, by the way boosters have forgotten add cartman to the list
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">19:34:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> there are already a couple of ideas floating around
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">19:34:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> you mean on the team page? yeah we'll do that
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">19:34:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay thats it from the boosters
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">19:34:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anything else we need to discuss? any other live reports?
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">19:35:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> just a question on GSOC
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">19:35:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> shoot :)
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">19:35:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> AlanClark, ask
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">19:36:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> is there something that needs to be done at the moment, or is it a wait to hear from google?
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">19:37:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> AlanClark, atm wait from google
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">19:37:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> If we get accepted we need a panel to choose the best available projects from the slots and then gather mentors for it
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">19:37:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok.  by the way thanks to you and vuntz!
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">19:37:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> That is how other organisations are doing it specially gnome
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">19:38:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> there might be a possible need for your management kung-fu as soon as it comes to billing...
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">19:38:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I can  help with that.  have you decided how you will create the panel?
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">19:38:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> but lets cross that bridge when we get there
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">19:38:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> sounds good
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">19:39:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> henne, I dont think that will be an issue as of now as vuntz as already filled up on the form stating money will be with google or go to other organisation
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">19:39:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ah okay
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">19:39:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay next topic`
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">19:39:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">19:39:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">19:40:45 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">perks up his ears</span>
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">19:41:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rtyler:</span> You sleeping again?
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">19:41:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">henne gave a live report about the current state of the opensuse boosters. the have finished the http://connect.opensuse.org milestone, hired a new booster and are starting a new milestone about how to improve factory contributions next week</span>
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">19:41:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> henne: manugupt1: on that panel, best is to let mentors choose, put results in spreadsheet and let vuntz &amp; prusnak make last executive decisions... but yes, it is for the future
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">19:41:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">manugupt1 reported that for GSOC its "wait for google" at the moment</span>
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">19:41:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> http://en.opensuse.org/Portal:11.4 done?!? one image has to change otherwise ready for review sorry for OT
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">19:42:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> we're in the middle of the project meeting
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">19:42:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Where do we need to improve?</span>
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">19:42:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> For ideas see about what we could do see http://bit.ly/opensuse_improve
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">19:42:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> sorry!
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">19:43:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Is that just with the distribution or does that include management over memberships etc as well?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">19:43:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> i still love you. no worries. keep going honey
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">19:43:58 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">is happy again</span>
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">19:44:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> This topic is about quick, small, actionable problems we have
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">19:44:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> anything
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">19:44:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> but as henne said :D
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">19:44:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and we can solve between this and the next meeting
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">19:44:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> ah
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">19:44:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> nevermind then.
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">19:45:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I don't see anything in openFATE
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">19:45:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> any other ideas? :)
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">19:47:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay then I declare us bugfree as of now!
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">19:47:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> dont change anything. we're perfect
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">19:47:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">19:47:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> IMO https://features.opensuse.org/310880 is a very valid request but isn't solvable between two meetings
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">19:47:22 </span><span class="nka">* henne</span> <span class="ac">rides into the sunset</span>
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">19:47:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> we may split this into sub-topics, review it and think about (at least) subsets to implement
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">19:48:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> what do you think?
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">19:48:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rhorstkoetter:</span> I have to admit, that link goes somewhat along what I was going to bring up
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">19:48:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> we do need to make this more 'actionable'
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">19:49:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> a lot of it is already done...
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">19:49:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> that's what I actually meant. IMO there are some good ideas presented
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">19:49:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rhorstkoetter:</span> the only addition I'd make on there is "faster response to admin@o.o email or at least contact of some kind to let people know someone has seen it"
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">19:49:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> like an autoresponder?
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">19:49:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rhorstkoetter:</span> Which fits in with the single point of contact point I'd say.
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">19:49:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> WEll, no necessarily.
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">19:49:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> thats actionable
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">19:49:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> but that would work
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">19:50:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> I've sen ta few emails to admin@o.o with no responses.. although I did talk to darix about it and I KNOW its because of 11.4.. I'm not bitching just making a suggestion :)
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">19:50:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> about what?
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">19:50:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> suggestion #2 is here with opensuse connect
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">19:50:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> cloaks.
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">19:50:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> please be ore specific
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">19:50:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> We discussed it week or so ago.. been a while.
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">19:50:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> we have seen it
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">19:50:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> suggestion #1 would be very helpful to new users/contributors
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">19:51:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> Right, but my point is.. why should I have to hunt down someone to find out what is going on?  See my point?
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">19:51:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> I'm preaching the unaccessability of mailinglists for a rather long time
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">19:51:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> because we're a volunteer organization
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">19:51:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> Like I said.. not complaining, I know you guys are busy.
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">19:51:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> again, I  know this.
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">19:52:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so whats your idea how to make this better? :)
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">19:52:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> I really don't have one.
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">19:52:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">19:52:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> i saw pavol finishing the irc part on connect
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">19:52:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> other than find a way to respond to the user.
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">19:52:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> there is progress on connect?
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">19:52:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> oh
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">19:52:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> and i hope to find time after 11.4 is out to sync freenode and the db again
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">19:52:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> auto responder.. some sort of ticketing system to track the reports.. dunno
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">19:52:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">19:52:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> or a bugzilla queue instead of sending emails?
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">19:52:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> _email_ ticketing system would be cool
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">19:53:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> Yeah, that's what you and I talked about before.  But wanted to just voice the idea here.. you guys do a great job.
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">19:53:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> everyone can send an email. no one can operate bugzilla
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">19:53:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> at least that would give the user something to reference.
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">19:53:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> bugzilla is faster to setup ;)
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">19:53:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> you guys have a ticketing system right?
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">19:53:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> otrs
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">19:53:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> and that way the user can also see who's responded etc etc. and not have to come on irc to hunt people hehe
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">19:53:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">19:53:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> otrs is an email ticketing system
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">19:53:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> I'm not opposing to otrs or something like that
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">19:54:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> tickets@opensuse.org should be working
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">19:54:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> but its not public or?
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">19:54:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> no it is not
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">19:54:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> hm
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">19:54:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> i think otrs or bugzilla are similar pain(free) to set up
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">19:54:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Well, my thought was something how osticket works.. not sure what you guys use.. email comes in.. osTicket sees it.. creates the ticket.. emails the user.. notifies admins etc etc
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">19:54:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> would a simple OTRS install suffice?
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">19:54:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> may i point out
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">19:54:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> yeah a ticketing system :)
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">19:54:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> that as soon as pavol is done
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">19:55:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> heh
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">19:55:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Some don't check meail boxes directly
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">19:55:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> every user who is signed up as group contact for freenode (and that doesnt only included adrian or me even atm)
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">19:55:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> but I'm reading up on otrs now.. never heard of it
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">19:55:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> can do the cloaks?
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">19:55:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> even the membership officials
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">19:55:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> if they are group contacts, they should be able to request them yes
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">19:55:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> so dont make it more complicated than needed
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">19:55:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> as long as they are on the GC form that was posted to freenode.
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">19:55:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> yeah but its not only about cloaks
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">19:55:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> what else?
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">19:56:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i'm sure we miss 5% of the admin@o.o mails
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">19:56:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> Well the cloaks are part of it.. I think its more about better communication all around to members and potential members if that makes any sense.
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">19:56:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so any volunteer to setup a OTRS?
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">19:56:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> we dont
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">19:56:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> all mails which are not handled yet
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">19:57:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> are marked as important in my mail client
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">19:57:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> so i have a pretty good overview what is left and what is not
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">19:57:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah but sometimes you can't do something about it
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">19:57:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> i only forgot to answer suserocks with upgrade.o.o
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">19:57:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> but i guess the idea is to get rid of single point of failure, or not?
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">19:57:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> like with planet additions
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">19:57:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> which i actually requested  in februrary
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">19:57:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> or additions to community-opensuse.org etc etc
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">19:58:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> there isnt a SOPF
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">19:58:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> e.g. planet is handled by pascal mainly
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">19:58:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> but i can do it aswell
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">19:58:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> which i would do if i see 3days without a response
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">19:58:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> but usually i just leave it to him
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">19:58:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i was just reacting to "so i have a pretty good overview what is left and what is not"
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">19:58:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> darix okay. but then we could use a ticketing system "just" for the user features
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">19:59:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> define user features
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">19:59:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> like autoresponders, reminders, resolutions etc.
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">19:59:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo1&gt;</span> Why would we not distribute general message across all members in a round robin system?
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">19:59:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo1:</span> Genereal message.. what do you mean?
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">20:00:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> People looking to get involved and sending messages to admin
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">20:00:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> Well, the discussion is to find a way to handle that in a little different fashion I believe.
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">20:00:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> mainly so the user doesn't feel forgotten about type thing.
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">20:01:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> how would an autoresponder help with that?
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">20:01:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> exactly
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">20:01:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> it would just tell you "some script has seen your mail"
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">20:01:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> again, I have no idea.
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">20:01:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> I brougtht he idea up
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">20:01:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> and instead of adding yet another tool
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">20:01:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo1&gt;</span> Well, the different fashion is distribute the e-mails across the membership one at a time. Don't collect them all in one place and expect one or two people to deal with it
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">20:02:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> lets just fix the specific issues that need work
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">20:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> i hope prusnak is done soon with the whole users to connect migration
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">20:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay lets try an autoresponder
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">20:02:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> I have no knowledge of the interworkings of o.o nor the reat of the foundation.  I don't know the setup of the infrastructure nor do I Know how the rest of the communication internally interacts.. I'm just making suggestions :)
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">20:02:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> from my POV we are done
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">20:02:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> and then we can finally give the membership-officials the tools to do the cloak part
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">20:02:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> if connect.opensuse.org is tehw ay to go for such things.. perfect
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">20:02:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> i still know 1-2 features we might need :)
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">20:03:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> unless there are any comments and i haven't see any, yet
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">20:03:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> no need to apologize for it ;)
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">20:03:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> we can discuss them later if you want
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">20:03:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> will you add the autoresponder? :)
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">20:03:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> just write me an email, please
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">20:03:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> or shoud I?
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">20:04:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> *sighs*
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">20:04:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> an autoresponder is not the solution
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">20:04:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> the autoresponder was just an example.
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">20:04:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> the solution is to look into getting more people that feel responsible for specific tasks
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">20:04:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> and give them the tools to do the job
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">20:04:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> I don't think in the situation with admin@o.o it would probably do more harm than good
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">20:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> we don't look for a world solution
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">20:04:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> er.. I THINK in the situation with... damn my grammar is horrid today
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">20:05:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> me neither
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">20:05:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> but we seriously dont need yet another tool
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">20:05:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> so lets improve a bit by setting up an autoresponder :)
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">20:05:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> *sighs*
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">20:05:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> well I'll offer my help if its needed of course.
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">20:05:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> a simple postfix rule
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">20:05:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> eh
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">20:05:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> it is like i am talking to a brickwall
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">20:05:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this is not another tool
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">20:05:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> as you dont listen to me anyway
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">20:05:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> go ahead
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">20:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> its just a small improvement
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">20:06:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> auto responder from a ticketing system would be more appropriate.. but.. using one in postfix for every incoming email could cause backscatter.. just FYI
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">20:06:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> as someone who gets those funny autoresponders regularly
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">20:06:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> i can tell you ... they are useless
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">20:06:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> to you...
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">20:07:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> does connect.o.o give the members a way of interacting with the group contacts?
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">20:07:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay.... then we don't do nothing
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">20:07:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we need to finish this topic now
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">20:07:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">20:07:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> there is a mailinglists for membership-officials
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">20:07:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> which handles changes to memberships if i recall correctly
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">20:07:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> someone correct me when i am wrong
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">20:08:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> really?
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">20:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> another mailing list
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">20:08:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> argh
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">20:08:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">20:08:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> So IS connect.o.o going to be the end-all-be-all tool for members?
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">20:08:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we discussed the ideas on openFATE a bit and cleaned the queue. We then started to think about how we can improve admin@opensuse.org email handling a bit but couldnt agree on a solution.</span>
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">20:08:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> next topic people
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">20:09:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> yes
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">20:09:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> ok
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">20:09:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> sorry, if I may
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">20:09:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> just one second
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">20:09:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> sorry to be late to chip into the topic
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">20:09:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> but as one of the recipients of the list..
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">20:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> there is just one thing that I find highly confusing
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">20:09:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> it's the fact that replies to mails on admin@o.o are not CC'd to the list
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">20:09:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I know that would create some more junk to ignore for whom is not concerned
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">20:09:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> but OTOH you never know when an email remains unresponded for weeks
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">20:10:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> don't you think that would help a bit ?
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">20:10:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> that's a good point
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">20:10:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> apart from that, I don't think there is any point in making an autoresponder or anything else
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">20:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> there is usually only one or two people who handle each domain
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">20:10:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> i CC the list on each response
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">20:10:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> if neither of them is reading the mail, well, tough luck
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">20:10:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> so if you dont see a response that is an open issue
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">20:11:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay but CC'ing the list is not something actionable
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">20:11:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> me too, but most don't, at least from my impression
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">20:11:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> because it has no end :)
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">20:11:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> we need to fix that then
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">20:11:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">20:11:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so can we continue to the next topic please`
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">20:11:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">20:11:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> sorry for appending to that topic ;)
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">20:11:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> youre excused ;)
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">20:11:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Keys to Social APIs</span>
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">20:12:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Who should generate them (question raised by FunkyPenguin). Someone needs to be responsible for any misuse, updates, changes etc as required by the service. AJ has volunteered, The proposed recommendation is that AJ be the "Keymaster" for these keys.
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">20:12:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> From the email exhanged on this topic,
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">20:13:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I think that most questions were answered
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">20:13:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> just do it[tm]
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">20:13:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> but need to designate a person to be the keeper of the keys
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">20:13:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> AJaeger?
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">20:13:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">20:13:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> AJaeger has volunteered
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">20:14:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so I thought we should make him official :-)
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">20:14:34 </span><span class="nka">* henne</span> <span class="ac">stamps AJaeger as official</span>
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">20:14:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> next topic? :)
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">20:14:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">20:14:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">20:15:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> next topic
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">20:15:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">AJaeger will from now on collect the social API keys and act as keymaster.</span>
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">20:16:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Domain names</span>
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">20:16:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Requests from community members for approval for use of the openSUSE trademark within their domain names. Need to reflect the policy in the trademark guidelines
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">20:16:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> you wanted to say a few more word about this
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">20:16:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> From last meetings discussion I took the AI to return with a "tighter" proposal.
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">20:17:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I would like to move this to email as I'm not ready today to discuss this.
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">20:17:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I asked Novell legal for some help on the language, but am awaiting a response
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">20:17:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> email where? so people know where to look :)
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">20:18:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> board@o.o?
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">20:18:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yes board@o.o
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">20:19:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> for the specific domain approvals.
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">20:19:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Having reviewed the trademark guidelines I don't think they need to change
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">20:20:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">20:20:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so this topic is moved to the board mailinglist now
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">20:21:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">this topic is moved to the board mailinglist now</span>
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">20:21:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> next topic`
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">20:21:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">20:21:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Questions &amp; Answers</span>
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">20:21:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> there are no general questions or additional topics on the wiki
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">20:22:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> are you guys having any? :)
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">20:22:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> what is the time of the release?
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">20:22:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> regarding http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Foundation_Invitation_To_Contribute : I find the "Why" rather vague
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">20:22:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> in utc or CET or whatever? :D
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">20:22:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> 12:00 UTC
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">20:22:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> sjeees that is way too early...
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">20:22:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> meh
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">20:22:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">20:22:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> sigh
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">20:22:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> You shouldn't have moved ;)
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">20:23:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> bmwiedemann, that's why I marked it as draft - I'm looking for people to help
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">20:23:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> Ok, how to help? just edit the wiki page?
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">20:23:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> you shoud publish the announcement when its good, not at 12 ;)
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">20:24:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> that's for news.o.o but we must coordinate with Novell etc, right? and send it to announce etc
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">20:24:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> why?
<a name="l-413"></a><span class="tm">20:24:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> ok ok maybe it's not such a huge issue :D
<a name="l-414"></a><span class="tm">20:24:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this is not an atomic change :)
<a name="l-415"></a><span class="tm">20:24:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> at 12:00 UTC we just publish the repos
<a name="l-416"></a><span class="tm">20:25:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and switch some websites
<a name="l-417"></a><span class="tm">20:25:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> we usually meet at opensuse-project and first open the repos, switch websites - and finally send out announcements and news.
<a name="l-418"></a><span class="tm">20:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Goal is to have that done by 12:00 UTC
<a name="l-419"></a><span class="tm">20:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> if you work over the night i can do the rest tomorrow morning in news.o.o
<a name="l-420"></a><span class="tm">20:26:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> just leave me a good TODO
<a name="l-421"></a><span class="tm">20:26:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> ok
<a name="l-422"></a><span class="tm">20:26:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> will do
<a name="l-423"></a><span class="tm">20:26:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> me aswell
<a name="l-424"></a><span class="tm">20:26:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> ok will do
<a name="l-425"></a><span class="tm">20:26:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> bmwiedemann, yes edit the wiki page
<a name="l-426"></a><span class="tm">20:27:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I will work as long as I can, then send you two a mail with whatever still needs doing
<a name="l-427"></a><span class="tm">20:27:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-428"></a><span class="tm">20:28:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-429"></a><span class="tm">20:28:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anything else`
<a name="l-430"></a><span class="tm">20:28:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-431"></a><span class="tm">20:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, earlier in the meeting we discussed the KDE promo DVDs - Do you know if KDE is plannning to take those to the KDE camps?
<a name="l-432"></a><span class="tm">20:28:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> if we can get them to them in time, sure
<a name="l-433"></a><span class="tm">20:28:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> that is a question however :D
<a name="l-434"></a><span class="tm">20:29:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I have to check up on the status of artwork etc but camp KDE is very soon (beginning of April) and the Asia event is already happening
<a name="l-435"></a><span class="tm">20:29:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> April 4-5th is the next one that I'm aware of
<a name="l-436"></a><span class="tm">20:29:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> yup
<a name="l-437"></a><span class="tm">20:29:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> that is tight...
<a name="l-438"></a><span class="tm">20:29:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> very
<a name="l-439"></a><span class="tm">20:30:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I will be there and would love to either see them there or carry a few with me.  I'd like to have the Gnome 3 as well :-)
<a name="l-440"></a><span class="tm">20:30:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> just askin...
<a name="l-441"></a><span class="tm">20:30:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> oh, the one without minimize+maximize buttons?
<a name="l-442"></a><span class="tm">20:30:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and I would like a pony ;)
<a name="l-443"></a><span class="tm">20:31:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> ¬¬
<a name="l-444"></a><span class="tm">20:31:18 </span><span class="nka">* yaloki</span> <span class="ac">would like henne and a pony in.... ok, forget that</span>
<a name="l-445"></a><span class="tm">20:31:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> you'll notice as soon as we have some
<a name="l-446"></a><span class="tm">20:31:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> shipping will come out of nürnberg
<a name="l-447"></a><span class="tm">20:31:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> will that be the day you have a pony?
<a name="l-448"></a><span class="tm">20:32:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> a pony in the... stop! hammer time!
<a name="l-449"></a><span class="tm">20:32:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> nope. sooner. way sooner!
<a name="l-450"></a><span class="tm">20:32:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but we don't have a date
<a name="l-451"></a><span class="tm">20:32:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> are we producing all in nue?
<a name="l-452"></a><span class="tm">20:32:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we don't even have all the neccessarry material yet
<a name="l-453"></a><span class="tm">20:32:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> nor the proper people to handle this
<a name="l-454"></a><span class="tm">20:33:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> I promise to go after this as soon as the release is out, OK?
<a name="l-455"></a><span class="tm">20:33:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> Media are produced in Germany and I ship some DVDs directly to Provo
<a name="l-456"></a><span class="tm">20:33:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> (the materials, that is)
<a name="l-457"></a><span class="tm">20:33:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> tigerfoot, AJaeger, me and some novell dude are currently trying to pull this off
<a name="l-458"></a><span class="tm">20:33:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> schedule sounds tight.
<a name="l-459"></a><span class="tm">20:33:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and javier
<a name="l-460"></a><span class="tm">20:34:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> The good news is that they are wanted!
<a name="l-461"></a><span class="tm">20:34:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-462"></a><span class="tm">20:34:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> yup
<a name="l-463"></a><span class="tm">20:34:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> very much
<a name="l-464"></a><span class="tm">20:34:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bmwiedemann&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> any hint what 100 DVDs cost?
<a name="l-465"></a><span class="tm">20:34:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we are getting them read ASAP
<a name="l-466"></a><span class="tm">20:34:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ready*
<a name="l-467"></a><span class="tm">20:35:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> no idea when this is
<a name="l-468"></a><span class="tm">20:35:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the problem is the print production
<a name="l-469"></a><span class="tm">20:35:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we have one person who is experienced with this: Robert
<a name="l-470"></a><span class="tm">20:35:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> hes on parental leave and isnt around
<a name="l-471"></a><span class="tm">20:36:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so we need to improvise...
<a name="l-472"></a><span class="tm">20:36:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bmwiedemann:</span> To produce 100 DVDs?
<a name="l-473"></a><span class="tm">20:36:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> That's too little - they print sleeves only in 1000s ;)
<a name="l-474"></a><span class="tm">20:37:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Depending on quantity, a DVD can cost between 30 and 40 cent plus the cost of the sleeve
<a name="l-475"></a><span class="tm">20:37:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay are we done here?
<a name="l-476"></a><span class="tm">20:37:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> or do we have any other topic to dicuss?
<a name="l-477"></a><span class="tm">20:37:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> any other general question`
<a name="l-478"></a><span class="tm">20:37:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-479"></a><span class="tm">20:38:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> looks like we are done
<a name="l-480"></a><span class="tm">20:38:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Okay that's it then. If you have more, don't hesitate to bring it up on the appropriate mailinglist.
<a name="l-481"></a><span class="tm">20:38:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The next project meeting will be in two weeks. Same channel (#opensuse-project), same time (19:00 UTC).</span>
<a name="l-482"></a><span class="tm">20:38:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Thank you all for participating. Good night and good luck!
<a name="l-483"></a><span class="tm">20:38:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks henne
<a name="l-484"></a><span class="tm">20:38:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
