==============================================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project+Board Meeting 29-June-2011
==============================================================


Meeting started by AlanClark at 18:01:01 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2011/opensuse-project.2011-06-29-18.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Previous Action Items  (AlanClark, 18:07:59)
  * LINK:
    https://bugzilla.novell.com/buglist.cgi?classification=openSUSE&query_format=advanced&bug_status=NEW&bug_status=ASSIGNED&bug_status=NEEDINFO&bug_status=REOPENED&component=Action%20Items&product=openSUSE.org
    (AlanClark, 18:08:37)
  * Board agrees to extend Strategy Voting period to 14 days after
    JosPoortvliet sends out a direct mail to membership to please vote
    (suseROCKs, 18:23:37)
  * AlanClark to create FATE entry to recognize the efforts of the
    (openSUSE project) GSOC Mentors and Students  (AlanClark, 18:33:29)

* . GSoC.   tian2992 has a request  (AlanClark, 18:42:37)
  * tian2992, will send AlanClark and Jos an email with these details
    that we've discussed here.  (AlanClark, 19:03:27)

* openSUSE Strategy  (AlanClark, 19:05:05)

* openSUSE Conference Planning  (AlanClark, 19:06:54)
  * suseROCKS to create bugzilla entry to urge *ALL* board members to
    reach out to their various contacts and ask for sponsorship to the
    conference  (AlanClark, 19:13:19)
  * ACTION: suseROCKS to create bugzilla entry to urge *ALL* board
    members to reach out to their various contacts and ask for
    sponsorship to the conference  (AlanClark, 19:15:02)
  * ACTION: Board Members reach out to those who can do interesting
    topics and ask them to submit their proposals  (AlanClark, 19:16:13)
  * ACTION: AlanClark to ask Izabel to post the sponsorship brochure to
    the conference program committee page  (AlanClark, 19:22:00)

* Where do we need to improve?  (AlanClark, 19:22:41)

* Questions & Answers  (AlanClark, 19:26:26)



Meeting ended at 19:34:42 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* AlanClark
  * AlanClark to ask Izabel to post the sponsorship brochure to the
    conference program committee page
* suseROCKS
  * suseROCKS to create bugzilla entry to urge *ALL* board members to
    reach out to their various contacts and ask for sponsorship to the
    conference



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* AlanClark (94)
* suseROCKs (88)
* tian2992 (21)
* prusnak (18)
* oy (14)
* cboltz (9)
* bugbot (5)
* mrdocs (4)
* tigerfoot (1)
* henne (0)
* mrdocs_ (0)
* suseROCKS (0)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4