16:02:43 <henne> #startmeeting
16:02:43 <bugbot> Meeting started Mon Sep  5 16:02:43 2011 UTC.  The chair is henne. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
16:02:43 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
16:02:44 <AJaeger> yes, sir!
16:02:53 <henne> #meetingtopic openSUSE Conference Meeting
16:03:11 <henne> The agenda is (again)
16:03:19 <henne> Status promotion
16:03:19 <henne> Status venue
16:03:20 <henne> Status of the program
16:03:51 <henne> anything else?
16:04:15 * suseROCKs raises his hand in a solemn "hello, I'm here"
16:04:33 <henne> ah AJaeger you wanted to talk about the setup-timeline
16:05:08 <AJaeger> henne: Yes.
16:05:30 <AJaeger> let me say first a few words about it
16:05:31 <henne> okay then lets go
16:05:44 <henne> when the topic is on okay?
16:05:52 <AJaeger> I have started to create a schedule:
16:06:08 <AJaeger> henne: Let me do it first, ok?
16:06:12 <AJaeger> But I wait ;)
16:06:42 <henne> okay
16:06:45 * suseROCKs blinks
16:06:58 <AJaeger> I have started to create a schedule on setting up the venue
16:07:02 <AJaeger> It's at http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_venue_setup
16:07:02 <henne> #topic Setup Timeline
16:07:20 <AJaeger> Please add your items to it so that everybody knows what's going on and can chime in.
16:07:45 <henne> okay
16:07:59 <AJaeger> So, if we discuss anything for setting up, let's add it directly ;)
16:08:08 <AJaeger> Thanks, that's it from my side for now for this topic
16:08:44 <suseROCKs> can I sub-steal on this topic?  :-)
16:08:59 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Tryi it ;)
16:09:10 * suseROCKs tries without any training wheels...
16:09:37 <suseROCKs> I think it would be very cool if those who are involved in the venue setup from the beginning of this week  to do a talk about it during Speedy Geeko
16:09:45 <suseROCKs> I sent an email about this to the conference ML  but no responses.
16:10:14 <suseROCKs> but a before-and-after would enlighten the audience and appreciate even more the transofrmation here
16:10:33 * henne wont be available for speedy-geeko
16:10:42 * AJaeger neither
16:10:43 <dragotin> suseROCKs: well, you talk to people who are pretty busy atm
16:10:45 <henne> that's why I didn't reply...
16:10:59 <henne> otherwise i find it a very cool idea
16:11:05 * suseROCKs knew about henne and AJaeger   but doesn't really know who else will be on site so that's why I'm asking now
16:11:29 <dragotin> hrm
16:11:41 * AJaeger will upload photos to http://ajaeger.smugmug.com/Events/osc11/
16:12:13 <manugupt1> Just an out of context conference related question.. can I ask
16:12:17 <AJaeger> jospoortvliet?
16:12:25 <jospoortvliet> AJaeger: yes?
16:12:31 <henne> AJaeger: why dont you use flickr?
16:12:41 <AJaeger> see suseROCKs question above...
16:12:54 <AJaeger> henne: Over quota on free account soon
16:13:05 <suseROCKs> resummarizes the question for Jos
16:13:15 <henne> AJaeger: i can upload for you...
16:13:22 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   We have Speedy Geeko on Sunday night.  I think one of the 5 minute slots should be dedicated to the transformation of Zentrifuge
16:13:33 <suseROCKs> and we now conclude you are the best and most willing person to do it.
16:14:08 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: if you make sure you are at oSC on Saturday around 12:00 you can be a part of the transformation, then talk about it on Sunday night :D
16:14:12 <jospoortvliet> how about that?
16:14:21 <jospoortvliet> but if you can't make it, OK, I can do it :D
16:14:22 <jospoortvliet> ;-)
16:14:41 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,    A)  No I cannot do that.  I'll be hosting it and it just would be a conflict of interst  :-D
16:14:55 <suseROCKs> B)  My understanding is the transformation begins on Wed.  I'm not there yet
16:15:22 <jospoortvliet> ok
16:15:28 <suseROCKs> C)  Each person who presents will get a free gift.   It wouls be silly to gift myself  :-P
16:15:33 <anubisg1> prusnak, ping
16:15:46 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: well we start at the location on Thursday, yes... the good looks however will hopefully be done on Saturday :D
16:15:52 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: anyway, count me in
16:15:54 <jospoortvliet> I can always talk...
16:16:21 <dragotin> jospoortvliet: you also need 20 slides
16:16:22 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   cool.   You'll need to send me 20 slides and you get 15 seconds to talk on each slide   whether you're ready or not  :-D
16:16:37 <henne> okay can we move on?
16:16:39 <suseROCKs> and you can't back out now since you said you're counted in
16:16:46 <prusnak> anubisg1: pong
16:16:55 <henne> or is there anything we need to talk about regarding the setup-schedule?
16:17:17 <anubisg1> prusnak, mail incoming @ board@o.o .. is quite important
16:17:49 <anubisg1> i spoke personally with the guy.. he has quite a good project already on going and he seriously want to have openSUSE on board
16:18:11 <AJaeger> anubisg1: We're in the osc11meeting now, could you talk elswehere, please
16:18:28 <anubisg1> sell laptops with OEM opensuse on board ( AJaeger of course)
16:18:30 <anubisg1> sorry
16:18:33 <anubisg1> enjoy
16:18:42 <henne> okay then lets move on
16:19:07 <henne> #topic Status Promotion
16:19:18 <henne> the todo list is here: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_promotion_todo_list
16:19:37 <henne> i only see one todo still. the press kit
16:20:07 <henne> whats the status there? jospoortvliet?
16:20:16 <jospoortvliet> henne: it's done, should be in your inbox since last Friday
16:20:28 <henne> i thought that was a first draft?
16:20:39 <jospoortvliet> well nobody responded, so what else can I do?
16:20:45 <jospoortvliet> I'm talking about the zip file btw :D
16:21:03 <jospoortvliet> I send a first draft then the final thing. If you want it again or know a place where I can put it, let me know.
16:21:10 <jospoortvliet> I have already send it to the openSUSE press mailinglist.
16:21:14 <jospoortvliet> so your journalists have it
16:21:22 <jospoortvliet> anywhere else you want me to send it, let me know.
16:21:28 <henne> okay, do you want to print it too?
16:21:30 <jospoortvliet> input is of course still welcome :D
16:21:38 <jospoortvliet> henne: yeah we should have a few but I can print them
16:21:40 <jospoortvliet> np
16:21:46 <henne> please do so then :)
16:21:51 <jospoortvliet> henne: I will :D
16:22:19 <henne> okay anything that is not on the todo list regarding the promotion?
16:22:31 <suseROCKs> I'm unclear on the actual press that will be present at the conference
16:22:44 <suseROCKs> particularly, I just found out over the weekend that RadioTux will record all sessions for podcasts?
16:23:24 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: I don't think they can do that
16:23:26 <jospoortvliet> they will BE there
16:23:32 <jospoortvliet> but do interviews and such
16:23:37 <jospoortvliet> not record everything afaik
16:23:46 <jospoortvliet> in any case, did I not send a mail with that info to opensuse-marketing last week?
16:23:58 <suseROCKs> I may have missed it
16:24:01 <suseROCKs> ok
16:24:15 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: if there is none, let me know and I'll send it, OK?
16:24:23 <jospoortvliet> ;-)
16:24:27 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,  I'll check in a moment  :-)
16:24:32 <henne> okay anything else on promotion?
16:24:49 <jospoortvliet> afaik not
16:25:22 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   "Press Status"?
16:25:33 <henne> okay then lets continue with the general todo list
16:25:51 <henne> #topic Status venue
16:26:03 <henne> you can find the todo list here: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_todo_list
16:26:49 <henne> first the program related things
16:27:02 <henne> the speaker preparation mail has been sent right?
16:27:13 <suseROCKs> ToDO List:  get jospoortvliet a stable internet connection
16:27:25 <suseROCKs> henne,   Si
16:27:29 <henne> okay
16:27:52 <henne> so the speaker guidelines and the code of conduct must be done too
16:27:55 <henne> jospoortvliet?
16:27:55 <suseROCKs> only one response which expressed a desire to have a flipchart in the session room  And AJaeger responded that we'll have flipcharts galore
16:28:43 <AJaeger> jospoortvliet: _?
16:28:47 <henne> yeah cool
16:28:54 <jospoortvliet_> sorry dropped off
16:28:56 <jospoortvliet_> back
16:28:56 <henne> jospoortvliet_?
16:29:09 <henne> so the speaker guidelines and the code of conduct must be done too?
16:29:11 <jospoortvliet_> henne: code of conduct has been changed
16:29:17 <jospoortvliet_> speaker guidelines should be OK too?!?
16:29:35 <suseROCKs> no need to yell  :-)
16:29:55 <henne> are they or are they not?
16:30:26 <dragotin> I updated them a bit recently
16:30:32 <henne> okay cool
16:30:36 <henne> and shouldn't we blog about the code of conduct on news.o.o?
16:30:44 <henne> so everybody knows?
16:30:49 <AJaeger> henne: Yes, please
16:30:55 <suseROCKs> on news?
16:30:57 <henne> or should we print it and put it into each bag?
16:31:04 <suseROCKs> why not just send a pre-conference email to all registrants?
16:31:04 <henne> so people actually notice it
16:31:22 <jospoortvliet_> I think it's on the website and you pass by it when registering (I added it to the website only short time ago)
16:31:22 <henne> or that
16:31:25 <jospoortvliet_> not sure if that's enough...
16:31:28 <jospoortvliet_> hmmm
16:31:32 <suseROCKs> I don't l ike the idea of putting "Code of Conduct" as a story on News.  Tht just sounds so....  (shudder)
16:31:35 <henne> registering is mostly done right?
16:31:42 <dragotin> I like the idea of printing it
16:31:43 <jospoortvliet_> I mean we don't have to slam people in the face with it
16:31:45 <henne> so people are already past it
16:31:48 <jospoortvliet_> but they should be aware I suppose
16:31:50 <jospoortvliet_> yes
16:31:51 <suseROCKs> I like the printing idea as well
16:31:56 <henne> okay then lets print it
16:32:00 <jospoortvliet_> ok...
16:32:09 <dragotin> if its printed there is a min chance they really read it
16:32:09 <AJaeger> henne: Give me the AI to print it
16:32:28 <dragotin> where do we track the contents of the bag btw?
16:32:34 <dragotin> should be useful
16:32:40 <henne> AJaeger: rlihm has to print a lot anyway...
16:32:43 <AJaeger> dragotin: is not tracked yet
16:32:53 <AJaeger> henne: In that case, I volunteer rlihm ;)
16:32:54 <dragotin> AJaeger: how about an AI? ;-)
16:33:07 <suseROCKs> Well at least we're not giving out an empty bag after all  :-)
16:33:15 <AJaeger> dragotin: Tell me the URL and then I take that AI
16:33:17 <henne> why do we need to track that?
16:34:00 <henne> we just have to track everything that leads up to it right?
16:34:20 <AJaeger> dragotin: I make a list for the reservation desk ;)
16:34:48 <dragotin> AJaeger: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_todo_list
16:34:48 * AJaeger eats with his family yummy dutch waffels - thanks jospoortvliet_
16:34:57 <dragotin> AJaeger: see "Conference Bag"
16:36:03 <henne> okay then lets track it
16:36:38 <henne> so far we have program and code of conduct
16:36:39 <henne> what else?
16:37:05 <henne> what about the geekos?
16:37:09 <suseROCKs> weren't we going to include a local map of resrouces?
16:37:15 <henne> true
16:37:43 <dragotin> oh we need more of them
16:37:45 <henne> and an emergency sheet
16:38:16 <AJaeger> In the bags will be: Geekos, material from our sponsors (so far have LinuxInside)
16:38:19 <henne> what about the magazines from linux new media?
16:38:30 <suseROCKs> maybe the map can include directions from venue to hauptmarkt (since I guess that's the main nearest location for selection of dinner eatings)
16:38:32 <AJaeger> will get from sponsors: Linux Magazine, B1 Leaflet, Netways leaflet
16:38:35 <henne> what do you have from them AJaeger?
16:38:38 <jospoortvliet_> henne: I put emergency phone contacts on the page with the code of conduct and those numbers are tested.
16:39:04 <AJaeger> henne: We might add some openSUSE Sticker as well
16:39:28 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet_,    You called those numbes and screamed "Help!"   and a krankenwagen arrived?  :-)
16:39:37 <jospoortvliet_> suseROCKs: something like that, yes :D
16:39:44 <AJaeger> henne: That's my list
16:39:53 <henne> AJaeger: what do you have from LinuxInside?
16:40:06 <AJaeger> Magazines I expect
16:40:16 <henne> k
16:40:17 <AJaeger> Still have to open the parcel ;)
16:40:29 <suseROCKs> does it tick?
16:40:40 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Not anymore ;)
16:40:41 <henne> okay updated
16:40:43 <henne> see http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_todo_list#Conference_Bag
16:41:09 <henne> AJaeger: can we get leaflets from Zentrifuge?
16:41:39 <AJaeger> henne: I will ask - give me the AI
16:42:30 <henne> okay cool
16:42:35 <dragotin> henne: what leavelets?
16:42:45 <suseROCKs> brochures
16:42:50 <dragotin> I mean, there are leavelets and people go to zentrifuge
16:42:51 <henne> flyers
16:43:00 <dragotin> imo not needed. sorry
16:43:09 <henne> why?
16:43:20 <AJaeger> dragotin: i'll ask them whether they want it
16:43:23 <henne> why shouldn't they learn more about the venue?
16:43:28 <dragotin> peepz can pick up leavelets in zentrifuge when theyre there
16:43:37 <suseROCKs> if there is some kind of historical information about Zentrifuge in those leaflets, then I would appreciate reading about it in my bag to more fully appreciate the venue I am at
16:43:51 <henne> yeah sure, peepz can do a lot of stuff
16:43:52 <dragotin> ok, was just imo.
16:44:06 <suseROCKs> but true, if they already have a stand,  just move it to the lobby area and people can grab if they want or not
16:44:07 <dragotin> thats spamming
16:44:31 <henne> looking at that list we have like 10 sheets of din A4 paper
16:44:37 <suseROCKs> agreed,  a stand will suffice and now I support dragotin's opinion
16:44:37 <dragotin> and zentrifuge has to pay the flyer printer as well
16:44:38 <henne> some magazines
16:44:45 <henne> and some brochures
16:45:24 <henne> we do those bags so we don't have to have a stand right?
16:45:48 <henne> apart from the obvious reason to take something physically...
16:45:57 <henne> away from the conference
16:46:31 <jospoortvliet_> henne: I dunno about you but the more I get in a conference bag the more likely I am to not even look at it
16:46:35 <jospoortvliet_> less is more and all...
16:46:58 <henne> okay then we should move other stuff out of it too#
16:46:58 <jospoortvliet_> I think if we put flyers somewhere, eg at the registration line for example, interested people can grab it
16:47:01 <suseROCKs> I tend to look for gifts and completely bypass the papers themselves  :-)
16:47:27 <henne> so lets only put the 10 sheet of paper and the geeko/sticker into it
16:47:50 <henne> leave the brochures and the magazines out of it
16:47:55 <suseROCKs> "10 sheet of paper"   This is a writing/notes pad-like thing?
16:47:59 <henne> no
16:48:17 <henne> thats the program, code of conduct, local mapm, emergency sheet
16:48:28 <suseROCKs> ok
16:48:59 <henne> agreed?
16:48:59 <jospoortvliet_> k
16:49:32 <suseROCKs> I say leave the magazines in the bag.  At least that people tend to thumb through later
16:49:40 <suseROCKs> but general brochures.  Leave on a table for people to grab
16:50:09 <suseROCKs> the magazine also has an added value that it makes the bag a bit more 'stable" and less flimsy than if we just put papers in it.  :-)
16:50:31 <henne> we talk about 2 magazines so far right?
16:50:48 <henne> makes it stable and therefor heavy
16:50:53 <AJaeger> henne: 2 mags - might be german ones
16:51:08 <henne> oh okay then lets leave them out please
16:51:28 <suseROCKs> That sounded so sad  :-)
16:51:30 <AJaeger> henne: yep, if in German
16:51:31 <henne> ah I also have these Nürnberg Info brochures
16:51:36 <henne> should they go in?
16:51:40 <dragotin> suggestion: leave that decision to the bag responsibles
16:51:49 <dragotin> to shorten the meeting ;-)
16:52:15 <henne> general info on everything in nürnberg, a map, hotels, restaurants, bars. that kind of stuff
16:52:24 <henne> tourist info stuff
16:52:38 <warlordfff> We could surelly use that
16:52:53 <suseROCKs> henne,   keep as a stack on a table.    The hotels themselves will have such info as well
16:52:56 <warlordfff> +1 to henne
16:53:01 <suseROCKs> No need to weigh down the bag and add more responsibility to the baggers
16:53:09 <henne> ok
16:53:28 <henne> then lets move on
16:53:52 <henne> the cleaning is organized
16:53:59 <henne> they start tomorrow
16:54:13 <henne> AJaeger did Olli say anything about moneys to you?
16:54:15 <AJaeger> henne: It's done already!
16:54:21 <AJaeger> henne: No
16:54:30 <henne> we initially said 500 for 1 day
16:54:42 <henne> okay I ask him tmrw then
16:55:01 <henne> what about the: Veranstaltungshaftpflichtversicherung
16:55:07 <henne> 8)
16:55:13 <suseROCKs> what the hell?
16:55:27 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: insurance against general liability
16:55:32 <suseROCKs> you germans have way too many big words!  :-)
16:55:41 <AJaeger> henne: I hope we have it - waiting curently for some CONFIRMATIQON
16:55:47 <henne> from?
16:56:12 <AJaeger> henne: From admin folks in the US
16:56:24 <henne> k
16:56:28 <AJaeger> brb
16:56:41 * dragotin wonders if an US insurance really helps here
16:56:43 <henne> what about theft/damage of hardware?
16:57:18 <suseROCKs> henne,  are hardware locked up in a secure room at night?
16:57:21 <AJaeger> henne: We discussed that we don't need it
16:57:32 <henne> suseROCKs: no it isnt
16:57:37 <henne> okay
16:57:48 <dragotin> what hardware btw?
16:57:55 <suseROCKs> projectors, etc.
16:57:58 <dragotin> ok
16:58:00 <dragotin> well, yes
16:58:15 <dragotin> we all have to care that they dont get carried away
16:58:27 <henne> well thats not really an isurance :)
16:58:41 <henne> are we liable for the hardware we rent?
16:58:43 <suseROCKs> well the insurance is in case it actually *does* get carried away  :-)
16:59:13 <dragotin> well, the locks at the event are not insurance compliant anyway
16:59:16 <dragotin> so forget it.
16:59:20 <suseROCKs> ahh these are rental projectors.   Well...  usually there's built-in fee for insuance in rentals.  Dunno if that's the case in Germany
16:59:48 <henne> alright. lets ignore it 8)
17:00:05 <dragotin> I'd say so. Its too late anyway
17:00:12 <suseROCKs> we can always assign warlordfff as night security watchman while the rest of us go out and party
17:00:30 <henne> next topic
17:00:38 <dragotin> the session chairs in first floor have to lock after the last talk
17:00:39 <henne> i have organized 100 flashy "organizers" t-shirt
17:00:51 <henne> they put a dent of 1.000€ into the budget :)
17:01:12 <henne> but they are yellow as you have wished for
17:01:24 <jospoortvliet_> henne: awesome!
17:01:32 <AJaeger> henne: thanks
17:01:39 <jospoortvliet_> henne: but they should have been purple
17:01:44 <jospoortvliet_> I still think...
17:01:55 <henne> slightly different from what is in openshop
17:02:06 <henne> but way cheaper and therefor more
17:02:19 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet_,   good thing I'm not a staffer and thus not wearing purple.  Last time I wore a purple shirt, my little 4 year old cousin said  "Hi Barney!"
17:02:55 <henne> anything else regarding the general venue tasks?
17:03:27 <jospoortvliet_> not from me...
17:03:27 <suseROCKs> can someone set aside one box for me at the venue as I need a cardbord box for Sunday Speedy Geeko event
17:03:28 <henne> beergarden/lounge then
17:03:54 <henne> we wanted to skip flowers now right?
17:04:00 <AJaeger> dragotin: when will the "biergartengarnituren" arrive?
17:04:06 <dragotin> friday
17:04:31 <dragotin> friday - garnitures and beer, confirmed today
17:04:34 <henne> k
17:04:34 <AJaeger> dragotin: please add to schedule
17:04:40 * henne has done so
17:05:10 <henne> bierzeltgarnituren
17:05:21 <henne> do we buy flowers now or not?
17:05:38 <henne> i would say no
17:06:05 <henne> last friday Tom, Olli and Me organized the rest that was needed for the lounge
17:06:22 <henne> like waste bins, toys etc.
17:06:45 <dragotin> no, because that s part of jos' saturday-activity
17:07:27 <henne> ok
17:08:08 <suseROCKs> speed dial on this meeting needs to go up a little  :-)
17:09:00 <henne> okay
17:09:17 <henne> on to the registration desk
17:09:23 <henne> the pin buttons are done
17:09:29 <dragotin> and sorted
17:09:40 <henne> huh?
17:09:54 <dragotin> one bag for each character of the alphabet
17:09:57 <henne> ah
17:09:59 <henne> hehe
17:10:04 <dragotin> otherwise you get mad
17:10:07 <henne> the bags are also on their way right?
17:10:11 * dragotin had that last year
17:10:37 <dragotin> the cotton bags?
17:10:40 <AJaeger> bags will arribe friday
17:10:40 <henne> yes
17:10:48 <henne> to the office or the venue?
17:10:48 <dragotin> yes, we saw a demo bag today
17:10:54 <AJaeger> office
17:10:55 <dragotin> they arrive friday I th ink
17:11:26 <henne> k
17:11:46 <henne> i only need to print stuff then for the registration desk
17:11:58 <henne> then we only have the rooms
17:12:07 <henne> but there we don't have nothing to do
17:12:13 <henne> and the social events
17:12:37 <henne> for that I need to invite the people @ zentrifuge
17:12:42 <henne> and buy whiskey
17:12:54 <suseROCKs> ?
17:13:10 <henne> ??
17:13:18 <henne> AJaeger: whats the status of the rental contract for the bullriding?
17:13:26 <dragotin> suseROCKs: you wont know yourself anymore!
17:13:44 <dragotin> suseROCKs: this is Texas!
17:13:45 <suseROCKs> dragotin,   I have long held an identity-complex.  What makes you think I know myself now?  :-)
17:13:52 <AJaeger> henne: Argh, I thought you followed up on Friday ;-(
17:13:57 <henne> AJaeger: i informed Ralph about the changes
17:13:58 <AJaeger> henne: Will do first thing tomorrow morning.
17:14:08 <henne> AJaeger: how. i dont even have it anymore. You have it
17:14:13 <henne> okay
17:14:16 <dragotin> suseROCKs: Nothing, I just know when you surely dont
17:14:21 <AJaeger> henne: Felix has it
17:14:34 <henne> okay
17:14:48 <henne> leaves the speakers/sponsor dinner
17:14:55 <henne> whats the status here?
17:15:00 <AJaeger> henne: wip
17:15:03 <henne> k
17:15:05 <suseROCKs> wait a min
17:15:11 <suseROCKs> I thought there wasn't "speaker" dinner?
17:15:29 <suseROCKs> only dinner was for ticket-buyers + suse management?
17:15:53 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Yes - and that dinner will include keynote speakers and the program committee ;)
17:15:54 <henne> professional ticket buyers and keynote speakers
17:16:27 <suseROCKs> All of whom happen to be SUSEans, so redundant  :-D
17:16:37 <henne> so professional ticket buyers, keynote speakers and program committee?
17:16:43 <AJaeger> yes
17:16:46 <henne> sounds, erm, large
17:16:47 <suseROCKs> oh program committee too?
17:17:00 <suseROCKs> that's 6 of us on the committee
17:17:06 <henne> why the program committee?
17:17:53 <AJaeger> henne: You need the sponsors /professional tickets to talk to somebody else and not only themselves
17:17:55 <suseROCKs> yeah I agree..  Why?  I'm not sure what benefit they get ffrom meeting the committee, except the privilage of watching me eat
17:18:05 <AJaeger> program committee was the proposal
17:18:44 <henne> professional ticket buyers and keynote speakers was the proposal afair
17:18:55 <AJaeger> henne: Nope, it wasn't.
17:18:59 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   But I thought the proposal was for SUSE Management.
17:18:59 <henne> ok
17:19:07 * suseROCKs is now confused, but isn't going to turn down a free meal
17:19:09 <jospoortvliet__> AJaeger: don't worry about it, we round up a few 'important people' during the conf to join the dinner. They get free food, the paying ppl get some ppl to talk to :D
17:19:23 <jospoortvliet__> suseROCKs:  they meet management in a separate meeting
17:19:27 <jospoortvliet__> I believe
17:19:39 <henne> yes they do#
17:19:40 <jospoortvliet__> (the _'s behind my name get longer and longer, don't they?)
17:19:50 <jospoortvliet> now it's shorter :D
17:19:59 <AJaeger> there are two sponsor/professional meetings: One with exec management and one for dinner
17:20:08 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   We were wondering if you were related to pinocchio and wether we should believe you anymore  :-)
17:20:36 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   And I assume the dinner would be on Tuesday, right?
17:20:45 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Both on Tuesday
17:20:48 <jospoortvliet> AJaeger: and I think having the program committee or the board or so at the dinner is fine. Again, we pick up a few "vip's" on the spot.
17:20:49 <henne> AJaeger: why don't we deviate from the proposal? ;)
17:21:18 <AJaeger> henne: Make a good one - but let's not bikeshet for ever ;)
17:21:21 <henne> jospoortvliet, AJaeger + professional ticketers + keynote speakers
17:21:23 <jospoortvliet> eg if cornelius is around, we could grab him as suse studio ninja and KDE eV president. And pascal because he's belgian
17:21:45 <henne> please don't pick random people. you hurt feelings with this
17:21:56 <AJaeger> henne: Since keynote speakers are only SUSE, I want to have some non-SUSE guys on that list.
17:22:10 <henne> who cares about their employer?
17:22:14 * henne doesnt
17:22:33 <jospoortvliet> henne: hmmm, it's how we usually do it in KDE. It matters most who is around at the time of leaving for dinner ;-) but OK, if you want to plan it in advance, fine with me.
17:22:48 <henne> then make it board + keynote speakers + prof tickets
17:22:54 <AJaeger> jospoortvliet: I need to have rought numbers.
17:23:00 <AJaeger> henne: board is fine as well.
17:23:10 <henne> board + keynote speakers + prof tickets
17:23:13 <henne> agreed?
17:23:16 <jospoortvliet> AJaeger: we take the proposal from henne. If somebody is missing, not around at that time, we pick an appropriate other person
17:23:20 <jospoortvliet> agreed
17:23:27 <dragotin> henne: yes.
17:23:37 <AJaeger> henne: Ok.
17:23:54 <suseROCKs> ok
17:23:55 <jospoortvliet> The value is that the proffs get a nice dinner with 'useful people'. Who they are exactly isn't that important imho...
17:24:11 <henne> alright
17:24:17 <henne> anything else we need to discuss?
17:24:23 <henne> or can we conclude this meeting?
17:24:35 * dragotin has only mud in the head.
17:24:38 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   if its +board, add two seats for my itnerpreters  :-)
17:24:39 * jospoortvliet wants to smoke so is all for concluding now :D
17:25:01 <henne> alright. then lets go home :)
17:25:06 <jospoortvliet> bye!!!
17:25:07 <jospoortvliet> ttyl :D
17:25:10 <suseROCKs> henne,   just so I have a better picture it doesn't look like we are doing anything major on Friday?
17:25:18 <suseROCKs> Since cleanup is already done and decorations happen on Sat?
17:25:33 <dragotin> suseROCKs: you have no idea.... ;-
17:25:35 <dragotin> )
17:25:36 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: we could start decorating on friday but not many ppl have arrived by then :D
17:25:37 <henne> yeah...
17:25:41 * jospoortvliet goes now
17:25:47 <henne> suseROCKs: we have to setup the complete venue
17:25:52 <henne> suseROCKs: in 2 days
17:25:54 <suseROCKs> ok then I have a personal request
17:26:10 <suseROCKs> is anyone going to be at the SUSE offices first in the morning before going to venue on Friday?
17:26:22 <dragotin> suseROCKs: why?
17:26:45 <suseROCKs> because I will be staying at azimuth the first two nights and if someone is already at SUSE offices then I can be guided over to Zentrifuge together.  Otherwise I'll take a cab
17:27:11 * henne will go there directly
17:27:45 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,  dragotin  are you stopping by office first?
17:28:02 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: not on Friday
17:28:18 <dragotin> suseROCKs: probably not as its not on the way
17:28:25 <suseROCKs> ok then I'll just take a cab then
17:28:31 <henne> suseROCKs: you'll manage :)
17:28:32 <dragotin> but I am sure there will be people, such as the trainees etc.
17:28:56 <henne> okay then this is it
17:29:07 <henne> i hope this is enough to survive the event
17:29:10 <henne> we'll see
17:29:11 <dragotin> thanks henni again
17:29:15 <henne> thanks for participating
17:29:25 <henne> see you on Sunday latest!
17:29:27 <henne> #endmeeting