<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Conference Program Committee Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Conference Program Committee Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by suseROCKs at 21:16:38 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">yaloki
    publish a summary, decisions, etc... of the meeting</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-60'>yaloki</a>,
    21:24:54)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">yaloki
    publish a summary, decisions, etc... of the meeting</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-71'>yaloki</a>,
    21:25:26)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-78'>yaloki</a>,
    21:26:11)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">The theme of the conference</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-79'>yaloki</a>, 21:26:22)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">two themes proposed:  "Collaboration Across
    Borders II" and "rwxrwxrwx"</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-178'>suseROCKs</a>,
    21:35:03)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">motto is not
    critical at this point, will be decided later on, the focus is more
    important</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-466'>yaloki</a>,
    22:07:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">conf team
    will request the support of the marketing team for the motto, albeit
    the general theme of the conf will be decided by the conf team, with
    something of a veto right in case the motto doesn't reflect the
    theme</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-487'>yaloki</a>,
    22:10:25)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">the conf team
    will try to reach a ratio with around 2/3 of sessions which will be
    opensuse-centric, and 1/3 of sessions about collaboration with other
    projects</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-549'>yaloki</a>,
    22:18:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">for
    collaboration topics, we will reach out to projects and people who
    work on things that have a direct connection with what we do, for
    mutual benefit</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-573'>yaloki</a>,
    22:22:29)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">for
    collaboration topics, we will reach out to projects and people who
    work on things that have a direct connection with what we do, for
    mutual benefit</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-585'>yaloki</a>,
    22:23:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">todo: write up guidelines and good practices
    for presentations and BoFs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-591'>yaloki</a>,
    22:24:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">todo: collect tracks/topics for the CfP, as
    proposals/ideas</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-601'>yaloki</a>,
    22:25:16)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span
    class="ACTION">jospoortvliet_ write up a draft on good practices for
    presentations and BoFs, AlanClark and yaloki will contribute
    content</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-607'>yaloki</a>,
    22:26:04)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">IDEA</i>: <span class="IDEA">send mail to
    specific mailing-lists too, to ask for topics that would be of
    interest (both for internal and collaboration)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-613'>yaloki</a>,
    22:27:27)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">suseROCKs
    poke the marketing team for the conference motto</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-627'>yaloki</a>,
    22:29:04)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AlanClark
    poke MLs for ideas/topics for BoF sessions and people to
    invite</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-657'>yaloki</a>,
    22:32:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">todo: infrastructure (website, program,
    ML?)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-673'>yaloki</a>,
    22:35:16)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">suseROCKs to
    poke henne to update cfp@</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-726'>suseROCKs</a>,
    22:40:22)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">indico for
    the conference website</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-732'>yaloki</a>,
    22:41:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span
    class="ACTION">jospoortvliet_ write up a draft for the CfP</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-837'>yaloki</a>,
    22:52:22)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">next conf
    team meeting next thursday (2011-04-28) at 19:00 UTC</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html#l-896'>yaloki</a>,
    22:56:31)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 22:56:35 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2011-04-21-21.16.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>yaloki publish a summary, decisions, etc... of the meeting</li>
  <li>yaloki publish a summary, decisions, etc... of the meeting</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet_ write up a draft on good practices for presentations and BoFs, AlanClark and yaloki will contribute content</li>
  <li>suseROCKs poke the marketing team for the conference motto</li>
  <li>AlanClark poke MLs for ideas/topics for BoF sessions and people to invite</li>
  <li>suseROCKs to poke henne to update cfp@</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet_ write up a draft for the CfP</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> AlanClark <ol>
    <li>jospoortvliet_ write up a draft on good practices for presentations and BoFs, AlanClark and yaloki will contribute content</li>
    <li>AlanClark poke MLs for ideas/topics for BoF sessions and people to invite</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> jospoortvliet <ol>
    <li>jospoortvliet_ write up a draft on good practices for presentations and BoFs, AlanClark and yaloki will contribute content</li>
    <li>jospoortvliet_ write up a draft for the CfP</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> jospoortvliet_ <ol>
    <li>jospoortvliet_ write up a draft on good practices for presentations and BoFs, AlanClark and yaloki will contribute content</li>
    <li>jospoortvliet_ write up a draft for the CfP</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> suseROCKs <ol>
    <li>suseROCKs poke the marketing team for the conference motto</li>
    <li>suseROCKs to poke henne to update cfp@</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> yaloki <ol>
    <li>yaloki publish a summary, decisions, etc... of the meeting</li>
    <li>yaloki publish a summary, decisions, etc... of the meeting</li>
    <li>jospoortvliet_ write up a draft on good practices for presentations and BoFs, AlanClark and yaloki will contribute content</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>yaloki (357)</li>
  <li>suseROCKs (169)</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet (144)</li>
  <li>vuntz (108)</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet_ (55)</li>
  <li>AlanClark (35)</li>
  <li>darix (19)</li>
  <li>bugbot (8)</li>
  <li>Siju (2)</li>
  <li>mrdocs (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
