<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:03:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">osc11 PLanning Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:03:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jul 20 13:03:30 2011 UTC.  The chair is AJaeger. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:03:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:03:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">henne suseRocks</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:03:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AJaeger henne suseRocks
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:03:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Welcome to the second part of our openSUSE conference 2011 planning meeting.
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:04:11 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">prefers a little more #bed  :-)</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:04:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> For an agenda, see: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_meeting
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:04:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I'd like to say a big THANK YOU to Henne for updating the todo pages:
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:04:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_promotion_todo_list and http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_todo_list
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:04:52 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">thanks henne  as well before actually going over to look at the page</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:05:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> The agenda for today is:
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:05:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> * Venue
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:05:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> * Social Events
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:05:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> * Hotels
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:05:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Let's start with the first one on the list.
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:05:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Venue</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:05:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> did you come up with a list somewhere?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:05:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Henne and myself put some stuff online at http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_todo_list#Venue
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I suggest we review the list by area one by one and henne edits again. Ok?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:06:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes please
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:07:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">"Venue - Beergarden"</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:07:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> there are also some general Venue tasks
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:07:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> maybe we should do them first?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:07:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Thanks, let's go up.
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:08:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">"Venue - General"</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:08:23 </span><span class="nka">* henne</span> <span class="ac">introduces AJaeger to the power of #undo ;)</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:08:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Even for topics? Thanks!
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:08:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:09:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so Technical Support
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:09:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Who all is here participating?  Is it just the three of us?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Seems to be - but even then it makes sense.
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:09:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Sure
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:09:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> cwh is also there
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:09:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> yo
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:09:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Technical support - yes we need volunteers to do this.
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> HI cwh!
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:09:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> I'd participate but I won't be in Germany anytime soon :P
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:10:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> do we want to have someone per room who is responsible?
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:10:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Dominian,   Useful suggestions, comments, and ideas are sill welcome  :-)
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:10:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I'll keep an eye on the channel.. at work at the moment.
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:10:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i guess this only makes sense for the main room. right AJaeger?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:10:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> We could combine technical support and session chair - or split it up.
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:11:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   Can you give us an idea for the purpose of this discussion....  how many rooms are we talking about  (and I presume you mean session rooms)
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:11:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> For the main room and the Baalroom we need technical support since we want to have microphones there.
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:11:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> four rooms, see seminar rooms
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:11:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> on http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_location
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:11:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:12:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so we only need 2 people for the main room
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:12:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Give me the AI to update the above URL with some more details.
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:13:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:13:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so we only need 2 people for the main room IMHO
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:13:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ok so we need a person to handle technical issues in each room, right?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:13:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I would add one additional person for Ballraum
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:13:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> both for technical assistance/session chair
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:13:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> why?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:14:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Ballraum is large and will have microphones etc as well.
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:14:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Are we planning on people bringing their own laptops and hook up to the projector or bring a USB?
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:14:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and both with a phone you can call
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:14:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> own laptops of course
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:15:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So the tech person should be prepared to address laptop connectivity issues since that's the most common reason why sessions get delayed
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:15:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:15:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> is the ballroom also upstairs?
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:15:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> and might have a spare laptop in case something doesn't work?
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:16:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We sat around for a half hour last year waiting for one session to get started  :-/
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:16:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Upstairs
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:16:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> 3rd floor
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:16:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   +1 to the spare laptop and I suggest we inform our presenters that they have the option of bringing their own laptop or just a USB if they prefer.
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:16:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> then lets have 2 people upstairs and 2 people downstairs
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:17:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> ok, henne.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:17:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> makes the task to find 16 volunteers
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:17:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> yep.
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:17:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and the taks to organize 2 spare laptops
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">13:17:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> agreed.
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">13:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> that's enough for technical support I think
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">13:18:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> yeah - next one is "pin buttons"
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">13:18:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Shall we do them - or use name tags and lanyards?
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">13:18:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'd like to ensure we videotape each session (at least the talks)   is that part of technical category?
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">13:18:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> name tags with lanyards is less work ;)
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">13:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ^^ means we need to ask people to loan their cameras.   I have one I plan to loan if not enough are available
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">13:18:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Already noted for main room but not for others.
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">13:19:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> WE would not only need volunteers to record but also some to upload stuff. That took ages at osc09 ;(
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">13:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Yes
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">13:20:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Fortunately my camera handles a huge SD Card for 9 hours worth of data.  So I can easily swap out SD Cards
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">13:20:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i have a question for the last task
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">13:20:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> who is going to organize the volunteers?
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">13:20:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> But we do need someone ready on hand to quickly process completed tapings.   So, a "video team" should be organized
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">13:21:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   Volunteers in general or volunteers for video?
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">13:21:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> I guess we need to do a general call for volunteers as part of marketing activities.
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">13:21:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> volunteers for tech support
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">13:21:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> who is we? you and me? :)
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">13:21:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">13:22:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we should leave it open then
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">13:22:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   Yes.  And I think its really important we do that because we want to make sure everyone feels a part of and invested in the conference.
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">13:22:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so we know no one is caring for it
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">13:22:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> The technical support as "audio-video".
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">13:22:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> For video we might need an extra person, I would separate this out.
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">13:22:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> Are these volunteers that will be on-site at the conference in Germany?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">13:22:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the task is: Technical Support. Find 4 volunteers (2 downstairs/2 upstairs) for each day to act as techsupport for beamer/mic/room support
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">13:23:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> projector - not beamer ;)
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">13:23:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> with that definition I'M fine.
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">13:23:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> now on to video
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">13:23:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so do we want to record ALL talks?
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">13:23:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Dominian,   I think we'll have a better idea of "volunteer needs" once we have the full list blown up
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">13:24:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i would suggest we only record the main room
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">13:24:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Right, but these people will be on-site at the conference in Germany?
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">13:24:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> everybody always wants video but nobody really wants to do it
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">13:24:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> yes of course
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">13:24:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> If we have enough volunteers, yes. But let's make a call for a video team and let them decide what they can do.
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">13:24:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> drat
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">13:24:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   I want to do it.    :-)
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">13:24:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> ok, I can't volunteer then hehe
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">13:24:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Main room for sure.
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">13:25:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> haven't you learned yet that the success of some call for help is dependend on the description of the task? :)
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">13:25:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The key is to find 4 willing donors of cameras and people willing to manage the cameras
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">13:25:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so lets define what we, the conference team, want
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">13:25:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Then make it minimal and easy to manage - just the main room.
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">13:26:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i find that enough yes
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">13:26:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> :-/
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">13:26:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> we had no volunteers for osc10 to do video, and it took ages to upload - so from past experience, let's start small. If enough people volunteer, we can go for the maximal version
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">13:26:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> how about you organize that and then you do more? :)
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">13:27:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   That's what I said, isn't it?  :-)
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">13:27:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> not explicitely no...
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">13:27:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay wonderbar
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">13:27:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> So, sign him up and let's move on. suseROCKs thanks, I didn't grab it either.
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">13:28:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> ok, "pin buttons"
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">13:28:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Shall we do them - or use name tags and lanyards?
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">13:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> what is "pin buttons"?
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">13:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> name tags with lanyards is less work ;)
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">13:28:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we don't have a button machine. but it would be cool to have one
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">13:28:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> in general
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">13:28:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> we can buy one, they're not so expensive.
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">13:28:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> here in US  Pin and button is synonomous  :-)
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">13:29:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> I want an openSUSE license plate for the front of my car
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">13:29:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> :P
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">13:29:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> is stuff like that in the budget?
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">13:29:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> It might make it more difficult to create buttons for those that did not register.
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">13:29:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> although Green on a Tan vehicle probably wouldn't look that good.
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">13:29:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> I guess that buttons are as expensive as name tags/lanyards, so it's in the budget.
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">13:30:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay. I'll happily take that task :)
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">13:30:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I throw away name tags/lanyards.   But Buttons seem more keepsake-able
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">13:30:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Give me a cost estimate asap so that I can add it to the budget spreadsheet.
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">13:30:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If we're gonna spend the money, seems more prudent to spend it on something that will last
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">13:30:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> will do
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">13:30:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> next thing
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">13:31:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> "check acoustic influence"
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">13:32:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> There will be some for sure.
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">13:32:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> acoustic influence... is that a mocking of my hearing aid?  :-)
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">13:32:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I think this should read: meet at the venue with the PA guys
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">13:32:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> rewrite it
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">13:32:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> or rather organize a PA
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">13:33:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> what exactly does PA stand for?
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">13:33:28 </span><span class="nka">* cartman</span> <span class="ac">wonders the same</span>
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">13:33:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Public Audio
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">13:34:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> public address
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">13:34:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_address
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">13:34:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Close enough  ;-)
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">13:34:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> loudspeaker :)
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">13:34:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> incl. mixer - ok.
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">13:34:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and Green megaphones
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">13:35:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> So, yes, needs to be done as part of PA setup.
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">13:35:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay lets go over these in the room parts
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">13:35:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> next "cleaning, restroom services" -&gt; location team will take it
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">13:35:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so those 4 will do it?
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">13:35:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think some of these tasks  (Including PA planning) needs to be done by local volunteers.  And we should make clear on our list of tasks which ones require local-ness
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">13:35:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> We'll take care that it gets done.
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">13:36:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ah okay
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">13:36:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> make it "organize cleaning..."
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">13:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">insurance:</span> Have we have had that?
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">13:36:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">13:36:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> You guys are going to clean up after me when I use the bathroom??   This could get interesting.
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">13:37:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Assign it to me and I look into it.
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">13:37:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">13:37:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Anything else generic?
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">13:37:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> ping michl
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">13:37:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> yeah, will do.
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">13:37:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Michl is back?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">13:37:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> Will there be a brothel?
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">13:38:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> We know where he lives ;)
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">13:38:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">13:38:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> Please read the code of conduct.
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">13:38:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> :P
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">13:38:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">"Venue - Beergarden"</span>
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">13:38:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah lets continue
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">13:38:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> sun shaed, waste bins -&gt; location team will take care of it.
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">13:39:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">13:39:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what about toys? :)
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">13:39:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> bring your own ;)
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">13:39:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> a football, a frisbee
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">13:40:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> stuff like that
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">13:40:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> beach balls?
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">13:40:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> always fun to bounce a beach ball around during a keynote speech
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">13:40:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> not sure whether we can easily use them - the area is not that big. But write it up and the location team will figure out whether it's possible.
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">13:40:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">13:40:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Add water pistols to hand out during suseROCKs' sessions ;)
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">13:41:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">"Venue - Entry Area"</span>
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">13:41:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   I actually was thinking about water pistols  :-)
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">13:41:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I would assign everything here to the location team.
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">13:41:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Question:</span> Did we miss anything in the list?
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">13:42:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we have lighting
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">13:42:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> do you want to buy more?
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">13:42:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> yes, some more - so change it to "Buy lightning and also bring existing ones" ;)
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">13:43:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> henne, add to Venue (generic): REnt Van for setup and conference - assign to me.
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">13:43:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> is this a dark place?
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">13:43:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Nope - but it gets dark eventually ;)
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">13:43:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> That could be a problem for me... hmm
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">13:43:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but worry about that later...
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">13:44:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">13:44:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> anything else for Entry Area?
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">13:44:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Like banners, etc.?
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">13:44:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah bring the banners
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">13:45:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> do we really want to buy flowers?
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">13:45:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Good:</span> bring banners, erect banners from sponsors
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">13:45:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> plants not flowers
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">13:45:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> my English gets rosty
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">13:45:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> do we really want to buy plants?
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">13:45:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">13:45:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> yes, a few
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">13:45:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> rusty
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">13:45:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">13:46:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">13:46:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm not against plants.  I love em, but what is its relationship here?
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">13:46:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Close with Zentrifigue separation walls?
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">13:46:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> We like to make the entry area look nice
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">13:46:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> whats that supposed to mean?
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">13:46:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> separate off instead of close
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">13:46:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> WE have to move the movable wall behind the entry area.
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">13:46:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> is that the task of building it up?
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">13:46:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> yes.
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">13:47:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ah. well
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">13:47:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i don't think we have to go that deep ;)
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">13:47:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> then add: Build everything up ;)
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">13:47:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> or should i also note down "drink water after moving the heavy wall" ;)
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">13:47:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Sounds like you want a "Decoration Team"  :-)
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">13:47:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the question is rather
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">13:47:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> who builds it up?
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">13:47:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   Bring truss for moving the heavy wall
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">13:48:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the famous location team?
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">13:48:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> The famous team but with extra help.
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">13:48:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> or do we need to organize more people for saturday?
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">13:48:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> We need to ask for some more volunteers.
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">13:48:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay then this is the task
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">13:49:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> I guess Friday
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">13:49:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">13:49:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> we'll figure it out ;)
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">13:49:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> ok, onto the bar
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">13:49:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Seriously, just create a "Decoration Team" to handle that and people will volunteer with their creative ideas
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">13:49:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> are you goind to do that AJaeger
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">13:49:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">13:50:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> finding the volunteers
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">13:50:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> give it to me on behalf of the location team.
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">13:50:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">13:50:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i do that anyway if you say "loation team" ;)
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">13:50:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I'll later change some of these to the rest of the team
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">13:50:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> projector to produce daily schedule to the wall
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">13:51:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> is that still what we want?
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">13:51:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> cwh, suseROCKs?
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">13:51:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what about the BoFs?
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">13:51:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> We can drop it - a proposol from the location team ;)
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">13:51:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Personally I'd prefer several printed posters throughout the venue rather than a projector beaming the schedule  (hard to read)
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">13:52:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I agree with whoever wrote down the BoF schedule confusion story udner Registration desk.
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">13:52:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but seems people are more in favor of pritned handouts of schedules based on yesterday's conversation
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">13:52:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah i think so to
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">13:52:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but we would need to produce posters
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">13:52:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> If we print schedules, we can also print a few larger ones. Henne, add the posters and let's remove teh projector
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">13:53:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> or can one blow up a A4 pdf to A3?
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">13:53:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> That'S what I would do - but let Robert figure it out.
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">13:53:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Are we going to have daily handouts of changed schedules?
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">13:54:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> We decided yesterday that the team producing the handouts will decide this.
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">13:54:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> added
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">13:54:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">13:54:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anything else we could use in the entry area?
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">13:55:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what about wardrobe?
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">13:55:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Bar and Registration task are part of entry area as well - but are the next two items.
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">13:55:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> We haven't planned for that one.
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">13:55:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Can i ask... "Bar" means ??
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">13:55:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> drinks and food
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">13:55:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> An actual bar for drinking?  Or a bar for refreshments throughout the conference?
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">13:56:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> For Old Toad and refreshments
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">13:56:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   Ok sounds like "Snack Bar" then ?
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">13:56:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yeah something like that
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">13:56:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but still. what about wardrobe? :)
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">13:56:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Mind renaming it as such just to reduce some confusion (language-wise)?
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">13:56:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> done
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">13:57:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,    Want me to have a wardrobe malfunction?
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">13:57:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Henne add for the location team: Check if wardrobe is possible and organize it.
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">13:57:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> We'll evaluate;) ok?
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">13:57:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">13:57:46 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">needs to go in a phone call, will try to multitask.</span>
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">13:57:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  seriously,  wardrobe??  What's that about?
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">13:58:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> a cloakroom, a garderobe, a coat rack
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">13:58:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ohhhhh
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">13:58:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> man we have some major language differences today  :-)
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">13:59:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what language do I speak?
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">13:59:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">13:59:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> here wardrobe would be a place where you go into a room to change into a different outfit or costume
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">13:59:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> hehe okay
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">14:00:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so do we want to continue or do we want to stop now?
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">14:00:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I kept wondering, what costumes are we wearing this year???
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">14:00:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Green ones ;)
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">14:00:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Believe it or not, I'm actually bringing a costume  :-)
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">14:00:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> when will the CFP team start in here?
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">14:00:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> in about an hour
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">14:00:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> so, shall we continue?
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">14:00:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sure why not.  I got out of bed for this!
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">14:00:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i can continue for another hour
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">14:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I'm in a phone call but can continue...
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">14:01:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> ok, so let's continue.
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">14:01:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">14:01:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> since we're talking rooms,  i have a side note.   I don't see any rooms mentioned for Press or Speakers
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">14:01:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">"Venue - Bar"</span>
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">14:01:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> We never had that - we had last time a single table for press.
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">14:02:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> its mentioned on the promo todo list
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">14:02:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> in the media relations table
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">14:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> But I think we can do something. Henne, could you add under "generic": Organize press and speaker rooms.
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">14:02:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   We didn't really need a speakers room before because the speakers had the opportunity to just go upstairs to their room and relax and decompress before a session.    Now they don't have that "escape" room.
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">14:02:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> its already there, assigned to Jos
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">14:03:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> they have the beergarden outside, the entry area with bar etc.
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">14:03:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> is that generally closed off?
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">14:03:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> closed off from whom?
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">14:04:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> a speaker room is meant to give speakers a chance to relax away from the crowds
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">14:04:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> We have some single rooms that can be used for whatever purpose is needed.
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">14:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so closed off from general access
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">14:04:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">14:04:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">14:04:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> lets continue with the bar
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">14:05:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Write down to reserve one for these rooms as "Speakers room"
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">14:05:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> you want to build it out of the empty old toad cradles right?
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">14:05:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Klaas wants
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">14:05:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Assign the rest to Oliver Fecher
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">14:05:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> done
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">14:06:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the butcher will bring the sandwich coolers
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">14:06:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> foods and drinks and running the bar is part of the "Food and drinks topic"
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">14:07:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Venue - Registration desk</span>
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">14:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> remove the lanyards
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">14:07:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> the BoF schedule: Will the cfp team discuss this?
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">14:07:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> there is the main task missing for the Bar topic
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">14:08:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> who will man it?
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">14:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> foods and drinks and running the bar is part of the "Food and drinks topic"
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">14:08:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> that topic is inexistent :)
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">14:08:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   Sure
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">14:08:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> because we have the bar :)
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">14:08:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> non-existent
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">14:08:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> It was a topic of yesterday's agenda but didn't make it today's...
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">14:09:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i got rid of it because this is only interesting for the Bar
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">14:09:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we also had the idea to sell the stuff
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">14:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#undo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">14:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Removing item from minutes: &lt;MeetBot.items.Topic object at 0x192cd10&gt;
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">14:09:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and finance free entertainment in the evening with that
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">14:10:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so we need people to man the bar
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">14:10:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Ok, then let's handle the complete topic here.
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">14:10:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes please
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">14:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> So, we need volunteers to run the snackbar and sell stuff.
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">14:10:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">14:11:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> who is going to organize them?
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">14:11:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Ordering of stuff will be done by location team (prior to meeting) and the volunteers.
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">14:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Write down drago and myself for organizing them.
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">14:11:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sidebar....  do we have refrigeration capabilities on site or do we need to bring ice chests?
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">14:12:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> For what?
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">14:12:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Cold beer  :-)
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">14:12:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Yes, we'll have drink fridges on the list.
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">14:12:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> the butcher brings 2 ice chest
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">14:12:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and we have to organize fridges for the drinks ourselves
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">14:12:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i've noted it down
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">14:13:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Add freeze for ice cream as well.
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">14:13:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ice cream?
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">14:13:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ooh  ice cream...   add extra for vuntz  :-)
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">14:13:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> where do we get ice-cream from? :)
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">14:13:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> So, we'll have at the bar softdrinks, snacks, sandwiches and ice cream.
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">14:14:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Olli Fecher
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">14:14:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">14:15:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anything else for the bar?
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">14:15:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> As henne said we plan to sell the stuff easily and any profits will be used to buy some BBQ stuff to BBQ in the evening.
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">14:16:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> easily-&gt; cheaply.
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">14:16:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> lets move on :)
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">14:16:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Venue - Registration desk</span>
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">14:17:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> what about the BoFs?
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">14:17:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we'll discuss that at the CFP meeting
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">14:17:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i think we should task the CFP team with it
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">14:18:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Check:</span> http://news.opensuse.org/2011/06/14/opensuse-conference-and-rw-sessions-the-bof/
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">14:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> It contains a section on "Scheduling the BoF's"
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">14:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> TAke that as input - and we might need to update teh news story then...
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">14:19:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay I note it down for them
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">14:19:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Add Board for scheduling BoFs  to registration desk - just in case.
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">14:19:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">14:19:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> we need volunteers to run the registration desk.
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">14:20:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FYI:</span>  Alexia said she was planning to come to this year's conference.
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">14:20:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but with increased attendance, I hope she's not left to do all the registration work  :-)
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">14:20:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Last time I mailed with her, she told me it's too close to Brainshare and she won't come.
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">14:21:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ahh   changed of plans then  :-)
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">14:21:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so we need to find volunteers
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">14:21:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> So, task is to find volunteers to run the registration desk - give it to drago and myself.
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">14:21:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> who is going to do that? :)
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">14:22:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we all will... through spreading the word and marketing etc.
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">14:22:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what about promotion stuff like in the last years?
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">14:22:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> bags
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">14:22:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> sticers
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">14:22:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> t-shirts
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">14:22:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> do we want to hand out something like that?
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">14:23:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well...   in past years we used Novell bags  (same one for both years)      Would be nice to have an actual openSUSE labeled bag, but that will cost more
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">14:23:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> or is all you get the program and your pin?
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">14:23:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> and whatever our sponsors want to distribute...
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">14:23:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I'm all for some linen bags - but we have to check budget for those.
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">14:23:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Seems we won't do tshirts this year, but we sshould definitely be ready to give out DVDs and stickers  (I know we're out of DVDs right now)
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">14:24:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> We'll bring whatever goodies we have.
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">14:24:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I hope to bring some geekos - SUSE branded ones ;)
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">14:24:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> with the registration desk - do we want/need to accept $$ for professional entry tickets?
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">14:24:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> I hope we can handle that prior to the conference.
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">14:24:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> oh yeah
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">14:25:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> thats something I asked myself too
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">14:25:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> if we can handle all that prior to the conference, why not setup the registration as a "self registration" desk
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">14:25:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> because currently there isn't even mentioned how to pay for them
<a name="l-413"></a><span class="tm">14:25:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Write as ai for JOs and myself: Organize goodies like T-Shirts, Geekos, stickers for participants.
<a name="l-414"></a><span class="tm">14:25:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and we already have one guy ordering one
<a name="l-415"></a><span class="tm">14:25:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well if we offer it, then we have to be prepared how to receive it (example credit card transactions)    I think this is going to complicate things
<a name="l-416"></a><span class="tm">14:26:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-417"></a><span class="tm">14:26:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I honestly will find it surprising if we do get more than even 10 professional registrations
<a name="l-418"></a><span class="tm">14:26:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Write as AI for Jos and AlanClark: Handle money for professional registration before event!
<a name="l-419"></a><span class="tm">14:26:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> The self registration would work as well - but having a friendly face there that can answer questions is always good...
<a name="l-420"></a><span class="tm">14:27:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-421"></a><span class="tm">14:27:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> should also be the "help me" point
<a name="l-422"></a><span class="tm">14:27:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> So, name it "registration and help desk";)
<a name="l-423"></a><span class="tm">14:27:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-424"></a><span class="tm">14:27:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> done
<a name="l-425"></a><span class="tm">14:28:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> customer service or something like that.  Or people will go to help desk for technical support   :-)
<a name="l-426"></a><span class="tm">14:28:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> You with your English ;-(
<a name="l-427"></a><span class="tm">14:28:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> although....  a general tech support help desk wouldn't be a bad idea
<a name="l-428"></a><span class="tm">14:29:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> ok, aynthing else for the $X desk?
<a name="l-429"></a><span class="tm">14:29:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> print the participant lists
<a name="l-430"></a><span class="tm">14:29:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> To display or for the registration staff to reference?
<a name="l-431"></a><span class="tm">14:29:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> do we need those - I thought we prepare the buttons?
<a name="l-432"></a><span class="tm">14:30:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> dunno. that was more a question then anything else :)
<a name="l-433"></a><span class="tm">14:30:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> That brings up another question.   Do we want our website to display who is registered to attend?   Some conferences do that and its kinda cool
<a name="l-434"></a><span class="tm">14:31:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> there is no way to do it currently
<a name="l-435"></a><span class="tm">14:31:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so no
<a name="l-436"></a><span class="tm">14:31:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so lets move on shall we?
<a name="l-437"></a><span class="tm">14:32:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Add the particant lists print out just in case. WE can remove it again if we notice we don't need it;)
<a name="l-438"></a><span class="tm">14:32:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Venue - Main room</span>
<a name="l-439"></a><span class="tm">14:32:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wait
<a name="l-440"></a><span class="tm">14:32:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> do we want electronic capabilities at the reg desk or just paper wills uffice?
<a name="l-441"></a><span class="tm">14:32:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> *suffice
<a name="l-442"></a><span class="tm">14:32:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Just paper.
<a name="l-443"></a><span class="tm">14:32:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> electronic capabilities for what?
<a name="l-444"></a><span class="tm">14:33:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we hand out pins and goodie bags
<a name="l-445"></a><span class="tm">14:33:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   using a laptop to process registration pickups, etc.
<a name="l-446"></a><span class="tm">14:33:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> thats all
<a name="l-447"></a><span class="tm">14:33:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Not needed in the last two years - let's keep it simple
<a name="l-448"></a><span class="tm">14:33:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah I think so to
<a name="l-449"></a><span class="tm">14:33:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> agreed.  Just asking the question just to cover all the bases  :-)
<a name="l-450"></a><span class="tm">14:34:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Thanks for double checking
<a name="l-451"></a><span class="tm">14:34:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> ok, now continue with the main room.
<a name="l-452"></a><span class="tm">14:34:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Is the main room whatever room henne is currently in?
<a name="l-453"></a><span class="tm">14:34:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cwh:</span> Do you want to take over PA?
<a name="l-454"></a><span class="tm">14:34:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> WE can remove session video recording, we have it above AFAIK
<a name="l-455"></a><span class="tm">14:35:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> I can do that
<a name="l-456"></a><span class="tm">14:35:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> however I need to know the budget for that
<a name="l-457"></a><span class="tm">14:35:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> cwh,    14 Euros
<a name="l-458"></a><span class="tm">14:35:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cwh:</span> talk with klaas and me about the budget
<a name="l-459"></a><span class="tm">14:35:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cwh:</span> get an offer? :)
<a name="l-460"></a><span class="tm">14:35:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> ok, I'll try to get an offer
<a name="l-461"></a><span class="tm">14:35:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we need a PA in the main room
<a name="l-462"></a><span class="tm">14:36:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and one in the ballroom
<a name="l-463"></a><span class="tm">14:36:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> and in the ballraum
<a name="l-464"></a><span class="tm">14:36:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the one in the main room needs to be able to handle speach and musik
<a name="l-465"></a><span class="tm">14:36:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and on in the ballroom only speach right?
<a name="l-466"></a><span class="tm">14:36:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-467"></a><span class="tm">14:36:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm sure I don't have to ask but just to be sure....   we have verified we'll have enough amps for the band in the ballroom?
<a name="l-468"></a><span class="tm">14:37:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> For main room I would say: 1 headset for speaker, two or three mobile microphones - and for ballroom one headset and one or two mobile mikes
<a name="l-469"></a><span class="tm">14:37:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> Is the band planned to play in the main or in the ballroom
<a name="l-470"></a><span class="tm">14:37:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-471"></a><span class="tm">14:37:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cwh:</span> main room
<a name="l-472"></a><span class="tm">14:37:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-473"></a><span class="tm">14:37:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok that's confusing  :-D
<a name="l-474"></a><span class="tm">14:37:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> so we'll also need a kind of stage
<a name="l-475"></a><span class="tm">14:38:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> maybe also for the speakers
<a name="l-476"></a><span class="tm">14:38:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> les stick to PA
<a name="l-477"></a><span class="tm">14:38:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and do stage next
<a name="l-478"></a><span class="tm">14:38:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> already noted - but if we have a band we might need to make it larger.
<a name="l-479"></a><span class="tm">14:38:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i have noted down:
<a name="l-480"></a><span class="tm">14:38:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Organize a PA
<a name="l-481"></a><span class="tm">14:38:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> * Must handle both speech and music
<a name="l-482"></a><span class="tm">14:38:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> * Wireless Headset for the speaker #
<a name="l-483"></a><span class="tm">14:38:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> thats somethin that can be included in the PA aoffer
<a name="l-484"></a><span class="tm">14:38:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> quick question.   Main room seats how many people?
<a name="l-485"></a><span class="tm">14:38:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> * 3 wireless microphones
<a name="l-486"></a><span class="tm">14:39:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> 200
<a name="l-487"></a><span class="tm">14:39:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we will never be able to accommodate the entire attendance (if we get to 500)  correct?
<a name="l-488"></a><span class="tm">14:40:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i would really worry about something else right now
<a name="l-489"></a><span class="tm">14:40:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> its nearly august and we have 45 registrations ;)
<a name="l-490"></a><span class="tm">14:40:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> who said I was worried?
<a name="l-491"></a><span class="tm">14:40:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I was only asking for clarifications  :-)
<a name="l-492"></a><span class="tm">14:41:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> 250 for main room AFAIR
<a name="l-493"></a><span class="tm">14:42:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> the other stuff under main room the location team will take care of. Did we miss anything?
<a name="l-494"></a><span class="tm">14:42:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes the stage
<a name="l-495"></a><span class="tm">14:42:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> should cwh organize that too?
<a name="l-496"></a><span class="tm">14:42:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> there is nothing there right?
<a name="l-497"></a><span class="tm">14:43:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> there is nothing there. IF cwh wants to do it, let'S discuss together since we had some ideas - but I'm fine with him doing it ;)
<a name="l-498"></a><span class="tm">14:43:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> cwh is right that sound systems providers often offer stages.  So we should see if we can get a good combined deal
<a name="l-499"></a><span class="tm">14:43:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-500"></a><span class="tm">14:43:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> what ideas?
<a name="l-501"></a><span class="tm">14:44:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> We just discussed how to do it.
<a name="l-502"></a><span class="tm">14:44:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   I think he wants fog machines etc on the stage
<a name="l-503"></a><span class="tm">14:45:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay then I leave this unassigned now
<a name="l-504"></a><span class="tm">14:45:05 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">has a new white-cane dance routine that would go well with fog machines</span>
<a name="l-505"></a><span class="tm">14:45:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> ok, then move on to Seminar rooms?
<a name="l-506"></a><span class="tm">14:46:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-507"></a><span class="tm">14:46:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> !conference
<a name="l-508"></a><span class="tm">14:46:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> whats with the projector?
<a name="l-509"></a><span class="tm">14:46:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SUSEhelp&gt;</span> Registration for the openSUSE Conference is now open.  Don't just stand there, run to your nearest travel site and start making travel plans!  For more information, visit http://conference.opensuse.org.  openSUSE Conference 2011 will be in Nuremberg, Germany September 11-14, 2011
<a name="l-510"></a><span class="tm">14:46:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> thats also something christopher might organize in one go
<a name="l-511"></a><span class="tm">14:46:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> give it to him if he raises his arm ;)
<a name="l-512"></a><span class="tm">14:47:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> this needs to be a powerful one for a large room
<a name="l-513"></a><span class="tm">14:47:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh... that means we also need sccreens, right?
<a name="l-514"></a><span class="tm">14:47:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> yeah - klaas wanted to build something.
<a name="l-515"></a><span class="tm">14:47:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and for main room, we'd want two instead of just one, right?
<a name="l-516"></a><span class="tm">14:48:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we used two in last few years, right?  (tries to remember)
<a name="l-517"></a><span class="tm">14:48:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> ok, I'll ask
<a name="l-518"></a><span class="tm">14:48:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Just one.
<a name="l-519"></a><span class="tm">14:48:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay cwh tries to get a package for everything
<a name="l-520"></a><span class="tm">14:48:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hmm  my memory surely plays tricks on me.  :-)
<a name="l-521"></a><span class="tm">14:49:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anyhing else for the main room?
<a name="l-522"></a><span class="tm">14:49:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> hey
<a name="l-523"></a><span class="tm">14:49:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> WElcome! How are you?
<a name="l-524"></a><span class="tm">14:49:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> improving
<a name="l-525"></a><span class="tm">14:49:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hmm  we have 12 minutes until next conf meeting  :-)
<a name="l-526"></a><span class="tm">14:50:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> Henne gave all action items where I said "location team" to me - so we have to sort some out later...
<a name="l-527"></a><span class="tm">14:50:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> Get well soon!
<a name="l-528"></a><span class="tm">14:50:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anyhing else for the main room?
<a name="l-529"></a><span class="tm">14:50:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">"Venue - seminar rooms"</span>
<a name="l-530"></a><span class="tm">14:50:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> smart not to tell dragotin right away that he was assigned restroom duty  :-)
<a name="l-531"></a><span class="tm">14:51:23 </span><span class="nka">* cartman</span> <span class="ac">pets dragotin</span>
<a name="l-532"></a><span class="tm">14:51:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> do we need anything else besides projectors (we use the SUSE ones), screens (need to be order - perhaps cwh can get them), flipcharts (from SUSE) - and chairs, table?
<a name="l-533"></a><span class="tm">14:52:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we're not worried about sound for the session rooms, right?
<a name="l-534"></a><span class="tm">14:52:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-535"></a><span class="tm">14:52:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> we use the SUSE Projectors for the main room?
<a name="l-536"></a><span class="tm">14:52:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> only for the ball room
<a name="l-537"></a><span class="tm">14:52:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> do we want to replenish rooms with water?
<a name="l-538"></a><span class="tm">14:52:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> That's an option to persue as well.
<a name="l-539"></a><span class="tm">14:53:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and someone to quickly scan the room between sessions to remove any trash?
<a name="l-540"></a><span class="tm">14:53:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> argh
<a name="l-541"></a><span class="tm">14:53:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> should cwh get a offer for a package now or not?
<a name="l-542"></a><span class="tm">14:53:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the time for options is over
<a name="l-543"></a><span class="tm">14:53:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we decide now what to pursue
<a name="l-544"></a><span class="tm">14:53:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> sounds like the answer is yes than ;)
<a name="l-545"></a><span class="tm">14:53:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we can worry about options if something doesnt work out
<a name="l-546"></a><span class="tm">14:53:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Let him go for it.
<a name="l-547"></a><span class="tm">14:54:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> good
<a name="l-548"></a><span class="tm">14:54:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so we organize 4 SUSE projectors
<a name="l-549"></a><span class="tm">14:54:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> who?
<a name="l-550"></a><span class="tm">14:54:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> thought we were in consensus to let cwh handle this.   No arrghing needed  :-)
<a name="l-551"></a><span class="tm">14:54:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> olver fecher
<a name="l-552"></a><span class="tm">14:54:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> +1
<a name="l-553"></a><span class="tm">14:55:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> do we really need screens?
<a name="l-554"></a><span class="tm">14:55:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> mainroom: yes
<a name="l-555"></a><span class="tm">14:55:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what type of walls are there?
<a name="l-556"></a><span class="tm">14:55:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> we're off the main room topic
<a name="l-557"></a><span class="tm">14:55:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> ah ok
<a name="l-558"></a><span class="tm">14:55:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> even on a white wall, a screen offers a way better background than a white wall
<a name="l-559"></a><span class="tm">14:55:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes sure
<a name="l-560"></a><span class="tm">14:55:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but they also cost money
<a name="l-561"></a><span class="tm">14:55:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> we should try to get some if possible
<a name="l-562"></a><span class="tm">14:56:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-563"></a><span class="tm">14:56:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> for ballroom we project against the wall - but for the others we shoudl get them
<a name="l-564"></a><span class="tm">14:56:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Do the seminar rooms have white boards?
<a name="l-565"></a><span class="tm">14:56:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> no white boards
<a name="l-566"></a><span class="tm">14:56:29 </span><span class="nka">* mrdocs</span> <span class="ac">waves after 2 days of no internet at home</span>
<a name="l-567"></a><span class="tm">14:56:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> I suggest to add flipcharts (With paper) for each
<a name="l-568"></a><span class="tm">14:56:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so we need flipcharts
<a name="l-569"></a><span class="tm">14:56:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> Already noted ;)
<a name="l-570"></a><span class="tm">14:56:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> Thanks for double checking. Anything else?
<a name="l-571"></a><span class="tm">14:57:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Yes,   Do we need Vanna Whites for chart flipping?
<a name="l-572"></a><span class="tm">14:57:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> Just have in mind this is not a conference location, so ask ;)
<a name="l-573"></a><span class="tm">14:57:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> to bad we could have projected against whiteboards
<a name="l-574"></a><span class="tm">14:57:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> who is going to organize flipcharts?
<a name="l-575"></a><span class="tm">14:57:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Oli Fecher
<a name="l-576"></a><span class="tm">14:57:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> I guess I typed to fast - lcoatin team, so make it oli
<a name="l-577"></a><span class="tm">14:57:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> flipcharts for BoFs to write on
<a name="l-578"></a><span class="tm">14:57:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   Wherever possible, we should be using laptops and projecting our notes onto the screen.
<a name="l-579"></a><span class="tm">14:58:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Especially for  BoFs where extreme notetaking is important
<a name="l-580"></a><span class="tm">14:58:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay anyhing else for the seminar rooms?
<a name="l-581"></a><span class="tm">14:58:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> paper or textile for some windows is needed
<a name="l-582"></a><span class="tm">14:58:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> to darken them
<a name="l-583"></a><span class="tm">14:58:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> AI for Robert
<a name="l-584"></a><span class="tm">14:58:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> pls
<a name="l-585"></a><span class="tm">14:58:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   yes.  I asked earlier if we need someone to replenish the room with water, etc.  and do quick walkthrough between sessions to pick up trash
<a name="l-586"></a><span class="tm">14:58:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> for the ball room - already noted
<a name="l-587"></a><span class="tm">14:58:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> using laptop for BoFs notes are good, we need to be sure to note that to the BoF organizers
<a name="l-588"></a><span class="tm">14:58:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> that I have under the ballroom topic
<a name="l-589"></a><span class="tm">14:58:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> is the paper needed for all rooms?
<a name="l-590"></a><span class="tm">14:59:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ballroom and seminar rooms?
<a name="l-591"></a><span class="tm">14:59:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> hmmm, not sure
<a name="l-592"></a><span class="tm">14:59:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Only for ballroom
<a name="l-593"></a><span class="tm">14:59:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-594"></a><span class="tm">14:59:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Henne:</span> Add rubbish bins
<a name="l-595"></a><span class="tm">14:59:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> alright. anything else for the main room?
<a name="l-596"></a><span class="tm">15:00:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so we don't want to stock the session rooms with water,  right?
<a name="l-597"></a><span class="tm">15:00:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> nah
<a name="l-598"></a><span class="tm">15:00:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> there is the bar. people can get stuff from there
<a name="l-599"></a><span class="tm">15:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> WE have to stop the meeting now - the cfp team meets.
<a name="l-600"></a><span class="tm">15:00:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> just asking
<a name="l-601"></a><span class="tm">15:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Shall we continue on Monday? I'm on FTO the rest of the week without internet...
<a name="l-602"></a><span class="tm">15:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   how much left to discuss in this meeting?
<a name="l-603"></a><span class="tm">15:00:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> water for the speakers, yes
<a name="l-604"></a><span class="tm">15:00:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> duty of the session chair I would say
<a name="l-605"></a><span class="tm">15:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> dragotin,    we asked earlier for a speakers room.  So that room should be stocked, for sure  :-)
<a name="l-606"></a><span class="tm">15:01:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> social events is an important topic.
<a name="l-607"></a><span class="tm">15:01:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> hotel is mainyl done
<a name="l-608"></a><span class="tm">15:01:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hmm
<a name="l-609"></a><span class="tm">15:01:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Those were the two next ones.
<a name="l-610"></a><span class="tm">15:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yeah I guess we need to do it another day.    I won't be around til next Wed
<a name="l-611"></a><span class="tm">15:02:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay so we continue on monday?
<a name="l-612"></a><span class="tm">15:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh btw,   I agree with (was it Dragotin who mentioned this earlier) taht we seriously need to give some immediate love to conference.o.o
<a name="l-613"></a><span class="tm">15:02:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> when?
<a name="l-614"></a><span class="tm">15:02:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Yes, please.
<a name="l-615"></a><span class="tm">15:02:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i have another meeting at 15:00 CEST
<a name="l-616"></a><span class="tm">15:02:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> 16:00 to 17:00?
<a name="l-617"></a><span class="tm">15:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-618"></a><span class="tm">15:02:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> or before?
<a name="l-619"></a><span class="tm">15:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> for me
<a name="l-620"></a><span class="tm">15:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-621"></a><span class="tm">15:02:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> suseROCKs, AlanClark?
<a name="l-622"></a><span class="tm">15:02:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I won't be present, and neither will AlanClark  for that matter
<a name="l-623"></a><span class="tm">15:03:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> 16:00 means 14:00 UTC
<a name="l-624"></a><span class="tm">15:03:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Monday
<a name="l-625"></a><span class="tm">15:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Let'S still do it to move forward - ok?
<a name="l-626"></a><span class="tm">15:03:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> fine with me
<a name="l-627"></a><span class="tm">15:03:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yeah  you don't need me for most of this stuff
<a name="l-628"></a><span class="tm">15:04:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> then thanks to everybody that participated!
<a name="l-629"></a><span class="tm">15:04:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
