<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:08:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE @ SUSECon Kickoff Meeting 1-Feb-2012</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:08:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Feb  1 18:08:35 2012 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:08:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:08:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:08:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AlanClark suseROCKs
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:09:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Alrighty folks, a quick explanation before we go on with the actual agenda...
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:09:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Today is a kickoff meeting, and we want to be as inclusive as possible.   So we will ensure to record everything and make sure it is seen elsewhere
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:10:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I will blog regularly about our progress
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:10:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and keep our wiki page updated as well as send messages to the -project ML
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:10:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We will not entirely work on IRC, but as is traditional, for all of our openSUSE Conference plannings, we start off with an IRC Kickoff meeting
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> any questions before we proceed?
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:11:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Very well then,  here is our agenda: http://en.opensuse.org/SUSECon_Planning#Feb_1.2C_Kick_off_meeting_agenda
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:11:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.  Define the target audience for this event
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:11:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2.  We need to name this event
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:11:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3.  Breaking down the planning:  What needs to be planned
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:11:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 4.  Call for Volunteers
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:12:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and on to first topic!
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:12:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic  </span><span class="topicline">Define the target audience for this event</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:13:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> who wants to express their thoughts about this?
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:13:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> druonysus?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:13:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> well I think we should target not only people but also anyone who is interested in openSUSE
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:14:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;workingwriter_&gt;</span> I favor a wide focus, at least the current users.
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:15:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I believe this must follow the strategy focus  for target users, http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Strategy#Target_users
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:15:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Maybe investigate what LUGs there are in the area as well
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:15:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so is our target audience those who are already using openSUSE in some form?  Or do we want to reach out to people beyond openSUSE?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:15:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Hi CarlosRibeiro
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:15:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> ;)
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:16:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well let me point out that the focus (theme) of the openSUSE Conference last time was "RWX"
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:16:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> +1 on CarlosRibeiro for target users.
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:16:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">workingwriter_:</span>  I don't think we should leave out cuttent user... keep in mind that is is a good opertunity to have people in the US come and see openSUSE and the community around the project
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:16:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Which meant people were there to talk, write and do it.
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:16:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> goos point, but how will we get this informations from lug? any idea
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:16:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, I can find out!
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:16:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> a kind of a quickly survey?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:17:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Should we have half talks and half how-tos?    Do we want to have hackfests?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:17:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I think osc is a better target for deep technical discussions, perhaps we focus this on target users?
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:17:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Agreed,  I think  talks/howtos will be more effective in US
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:17:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;workingwriter_&gt;</span> We should not exclude anyone, but focus efforts on who we have.
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:17:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> I think a hackfest of sorts would be cool
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:18:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, we could also have beginners sessions for people to know how to get involved in the projec
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:18:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anditosan,   sure
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:18:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> I think a beginners track might be nice.  A way to draw in new linux users
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:18:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span>  I agree with you, spcially because openSUSE in not such well know for the general ppl in US, and only few techs over there could be named as tech opensuse/suse guys
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:18:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> I like that idead
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:18:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sshaw,   do you think we can get enough folks to create a meaningful hackfest?   (keeping in mind this is only a weekend-event)
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> not sure
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:19:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> maybe not a hackfest in the traditional sense
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:19:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> what about a particular project, something directed?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:19:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sshaw:</span> +1 for beginners track, "lizards gets hands dirty sessions"
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:19:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> maybe a developer hangout corner that is fully stocked with all the latest in caffeine products and snackes?
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:19:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> snacks
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:20:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Note that because of the flexibility of hackfests, we don't have to actually SAY there will be "x" hackfest.
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:20:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sshaw:</span> that sounds good... and I think we could pull off something like that and the "lizards gets hands dirty sessions"
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:20:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We didn't really do that for oSC either.   Whatever hackfests happeened during the conference were pretty much ad hoc
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:21:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;workingwriter_&gt;</span> YesAbsolutely have a beginners track.
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:21:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> begginers sessions also could be recorded and published at blip.tv channel
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:22:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I think we have a general consensus (which we should also present to the mailing list for any thought) that we will focus mainly on talks and howtos  with some beginner level stuff
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:22:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> CarlosRIbeiro +1
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:22:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> YES
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:22:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   Sure, but that's really a separate topic  related to venue planning itself
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:23:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> another suggestion is to have a quickly workshop about whot to migrate from windows to openSUSE, http://en.opensuse.org/SDB:How_to_migrate_from_Windows
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:23:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Hold on folks...
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:23:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> specific session talks really go into CFP proposals.    We're talking about target audience now.
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:24:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:24:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Qchmqs&gt;</span> do you know any
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:24:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   its a great idea,  for sure.  I like it a lot.  Just we only have about an hour meeting time and we need to stay on track for kickoff focus
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:24:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> ok, keep going
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:24:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Qchmqs&gt;</span> good online todo list
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:24:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> if we wanted to pull in more hackers, we could invite other .orgs to hold their hackfest as part of our event = I'm not a fan of this idea but throw it out for discussion
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:25:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> I like this idea, of course every idea and actions could have pros and cons, but I really like the ideo to have ppl from apache, gimp, inkscape, bender, around us
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:25:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> I think its always good to try and build our developer community.
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:26:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> An interesting concept.
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:26:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> maybe even have a developer track making developers part of the focus group
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:26:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> The reason I'm not a fan of the idea is that it can easily become a distraction more than a benefit
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:26:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> does anyone think we could pull off a kind of showcase for people doing interesting things with openSUSE... show how versitile it is? -- think exhibit hall kind of thing but all openSUSE deminstartions?... just want to get other peoples feel for something like that?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:27:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> well if there are specific areas that openSUSE needs help with, we can put that as a subject of this hackfest
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:27:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I have an idea in mind for a session or workshop or talk
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:27:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> which brings us back to our original question of "target audience"   Are we using this event to "spread the word of openSUSE"  or is this more an "internal" event to work within our own community of users and developers?
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:27:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> SUSE has some really cool tool for developers
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:27:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> suseROCKS - you're asking the right question
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:27:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> yes, but if we already know problem is time to think in a kind of workaorund to no let get distracted, instead of let they out of the game, i think
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:28:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;workingwriter_&gt;</span> We could also invite FLOSS-Manuals folk to have a booksprint.
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:28:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sshaw:</span> it has a lot of really good tools for everyone... and some things people just really dont know about (something we could aim to fix in the beginners track)
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:28:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> so in summary, our target audience as of right now is people who are interested in openSUSE, do particular openSUSE projects, and developers who could code for openSUSE during our sessions?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:29:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> druonysus,   sure, but at the same time, it could be argued that we should use the time to educate our own community about our strengths and then subsequently they preach the goodness in their home areas.
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:29:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Whereas if we are spending a lot of time working with "outsiders"  what cost do we end up neglecting our own folks?
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:29:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I see the point
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:29:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Can we strike a good balance?   That's the question.  Especially in the limited weekend time frame
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:30:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> two groups
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:30:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Remember, this isn't really meant to be like a trade show (like SCaLE or similar)
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:30:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, we could identify then working from the inside out, first encourage our members and then move outwards
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:30:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;workingwriter_&gt;</span> agree with anditosan summary
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> brilhant path
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:31:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anditosan,   isn't that what my point was earlier?  :-)    We focus on ourselves first and then when they go home they preach in their communities
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:31:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> CarlosRIbeiro, maybe indetifying members of our community who could make it.
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:31:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, we think alike hehehe yes
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:32:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so I'm going to summarize the questions we have raised here and put it to the List, so we can move on to next topic
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:32:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, my question would be how do we work on communicating and encouraging our own members to attend?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:32:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> suseROCKs as soon everyone inside are at the same page and with same directoins, time to go out
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:32:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> why dont you guys create 2 groups, one for opensuse folks and one for newcomers ? :)
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:33:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   Exactly
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:33:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Creatura85,   I'll include that in the question too.
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:33:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so let's move on to naming
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:33:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic  </span><span class="topicline">We need to name the event!</span>
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:34:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If you all look at the agenda, you'll notice that there are several names proposed for this event
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:34:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> quickly link for theses names, please
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:34:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> i dont think that the day when openSUSE comes to my home country for a conference is that close :P
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:34:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I really like the one druonysus proposed but with a slight modiication:  openSUSE Huddle - North America
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:35:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> sorry I've found
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:35:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Question is would people understand the significance of "huddle"?
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:35:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I like that Huddle idea... but then again, I would.
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:35:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> suseROCKS - how about we have everyone throw out their name ideas first
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:36:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Go for it folks!   Name it!  :-)
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:36:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> openSUSE4U
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:36:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> openSUSE Community Huddle
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:36:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> Geeko Community Huddle
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:36:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:36:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> a fork of druonysus idea
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:36:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> openSUSE Summit (oSS)
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:36:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> United Lizards, openSUSE Conference
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:36:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> I think the work huddle is fairly universal in the US
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:36:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I like openSUSE Summit
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:37:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> I like openSUSE Summit as well
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:37:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> Summit sounds a bit too... political if you ask me
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:37:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I would like to avoid "Conference" because we don't want to confuse from our main conference in EU
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:37:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> I like huddle because... well... everyone wants to be part of a huddle
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:37:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> United Lizards Conference
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:37:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> ... and it sounds fun ;)
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:37:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I really like, My manager will be so proud to let me go at the openSUSE Summit instead of openSUSE America Camp or U.S. Event
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:37:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> And hopefully as this picks up, in future years, we'll have similar events in other regions of the world
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:37:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> summit is used with open source conferences.  I'm not sure that it would be seen as political
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:38:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> +1 for openSUSE Summit
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:38:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> united lizards of openSUSE
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:38:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thus a common identifiable name, similar to DrupalCon or FUDCon where no matter where it is held, you know what it is about
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:38:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> well then Nato is talking about open source then at his Summits :D
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:38:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> +1 anditosan
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:38:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Creatura85:</span> seriously dude?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:39:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   Agreed.  We should not make the name "US-dependent"
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:39:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> I believe lizards or geeko should be used only after this one, because now we are targeting users that may do not understand or associate lizards with openSUSE, but I also really like your idea
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:39:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> no one is going to say oh, openSUSE Summit... openSUSE must be a political thing
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:39:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro +1, we could use it for the meeting after
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:39:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suscon
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:39:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sshaw:</span> no but I do see summet as being a bit stuffy
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:39:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sshaw:</span> no, no, no they will think, ohhh opsSUSE is not just a kind of nerds and geeks coding, they are a serious Linux project
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:40:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Creatura85&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sshaw:</span> that was an e.g of the word "summit" used in a different context
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:40:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> well, I personally do not like summit, because a few other projects use it for their events as well
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:40:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Carlos is right - Camp and Huddle make it hard to get sponsors and companies support
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:41:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> ok, so we can keep going looking for another name is other pppl agre with you
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:41:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> CarlosRobeiro, maybe put it to a vote. Im not sure if it really sticks with people
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:41:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> but I still believing that will be easier for my boss understand to pay my trip to a summit than for  camp
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:41:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:41:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Summit does lend to the "regionality" of the event rather than stealing confusion from Conference itself.   It has a good potential and easily understandable
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:41:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> I don't think it that woudl be true... I mean maybe camp but if you people know what a huddle is... but I do supose you would know better than I would on that
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:42:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Huddle has a very homey - we're a family! feel to it.   But, could be off-putting to someone who uses openSUSE but doesn't feel like they're part of the community yet
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:43:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Personally, I *love* Huddle, but I can see its drawbacks
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:43:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> well that is fixed by marketing
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:43:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> openSUSE Brainuse... trying to make some anology with Brainshare that is a wonderfull name for event
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:43:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> we have to market it as "come be part of our huddle"
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:43:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> brainsuse
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:43:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> looking at the list of events on the linuxfoundation site you have, Android Builders Summit, Linux Storage, Filesystems and MM Summit, 6th Annual Collaboration Summit, 5th Annual Enterprise End User Summit, and 12th Annual Linux Kernel Summit.  Then you have things like the Boston Summit (gnome), XEN Summit, etc
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:43:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> something like that
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:43:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> there is KVM Forum
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:43:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> maybe openSUSE Forum
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:43:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> L
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:43:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:44:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   I think both SUSE and openSUSE are trying to differentiate themselves from Novell now, so using reference to Brainshare would harm that differentiation
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:44:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sshaw:</span> openSUSE Live Forum? -- not to confuse with a forum online... and it sounds more fun
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:44:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yeap, not good aide to associate with "brain"
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:44:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sshaw,  as we have actual openSUSE Forums, that might confuse things in google searches and whatnot
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:44:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> my fault
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:44:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;workingwriter_&gt;</span> Practcally every conf I go is eit
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:44:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> what about the felowship of opensuse?
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:45:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;workingwriter_&gt;</span> her Camp or Summit.
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:45:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Fellowship sounds like we're joining a monastery  :-)
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:45:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> openSUSE Live Forum, where Lizards comes to Geekos
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:45:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We should use Fellowship for the title of an evening event
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:46:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> aka we will be in Orlando
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:46:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Do we want to put this to a general vote via Connect poll?
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:46:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> openSUSE Forum is cool too. we have many important international and global conventions named Forum
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:47:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;workingwriter_&gt;</span> openSUSE social forum?
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:47:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I see the following proposals:
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:47:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> interracial forums, womans forums, scietific forums, onu forums, g8 forums... and now probably openSUSE Forum
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:47:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> - Summit
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:47:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> - Huddle
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:47:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> - Fellowship
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:47:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> - Forum
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:47:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Am I missing anything?
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:47:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> not necessarily a fan, but symposium
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:47:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Itxshell&gt;</span> meeting?
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:48:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> - Meeting
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:48:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sshaw:</span> -1 I dont' like to have a t-shirt with openSUSE symposium, no, no good to design, and work with this name
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:48:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> - Symposium
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:49:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> there ya go, sshaw.  He just shot down your idea that you don't like either  :-)
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:49:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> what name do you think is better to work with design or logos, banners....
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:49:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> I don't like Symposium either... sounds even more stuffy than summit
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:49:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> lets make the name easier for us to work later, ehehe
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:49:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I think we have a good list of proposals.  Do we like the idea of putting it to a Connect Poll?
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:50:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;workingwriter_&gt;</span> Symposium too academic!
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:50:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">workingwriter_:</span> +1
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:50:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> I was just looking up other conference names and saw it on the list
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:50:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, Im looking through some names as well and it is easier to convey ideas, for me, with forum, workshop and fellowship
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:50:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I like workshop
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:50:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> workshop is kind of cool
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:50:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> not sure I care too much for fellowship
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:50:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> particularly given our earlier discssion on audience
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:50:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> yeap I like to work with forum integrated with opensuse, in a artwork language
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:51:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sshaw:</span> workshop sounds okay but sounds a bit limiting
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:51:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, yes!
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:51:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm not a fan of Forum.   I see problems with it as we expand in later years, especially with google search  due to the fact that we actually *have* an openSUSE Forums
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:51:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;workingwriter_&gt;</span> I could go with workshop
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:51:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> inside openSUSE Forum or any other names, we can have some openSUSE xyz workshops.
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:52:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Workshop limits the focus, IMO
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:52:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I agree
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:52:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I mean workshop is pretty cool, and must be part of the event, but in my opinioin not for named the event
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:52:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I tend to agree that workshop is limiting
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:52:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> what about calling it something more than workshop, such as opensuse's open workshop, open forum, open fellowship?
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:52:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   Right.    It doesn't fit with the audience target we spoke bout earlier
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:52:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> this is why I like huddle... c'mon
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:52:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> good old huddle ;)
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:52:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:52:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">druonysus:</span> kkkkkk
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:52:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> <span class="hi">druonysus:</span> pusher
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:52:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> openSUSE open Forum.   Sounds repetitive
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:53:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">druonysus:</span> sorry my friend, but I'm think to raise money from my boss
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:53:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'm back to liking Summit
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:53:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> and huddle, will not be a easy taks for me to convince him
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">18:53:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> openSUSE Gathering?
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">18:53:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> opensuse world forum?
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">18:53:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;workingwriter_&gt;</span> opensuse social forum
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">18:53:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> kind of a play off of magic the gathering
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">18:54:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> +1
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">18:54:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> listen... the novell thing is called "Brainshare" in my opinion, I think that name is more dificult to get money for than Huddle
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">18:54:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Guys, can we put ths to a vote?
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">18:54:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, yes!
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">18:54:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;workingwriter_&gt;</span> yes, put to vote
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">18:54:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  vote on Connect Poll, agreed?    (We need to let non-meeting attendees have their say)
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">18:54:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">18:54:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> something of interest to mention is that UDS (Ubuntu Developer Summit) is held in florida every year
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">18:55:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> +1 suseROCKs
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">18:55:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sshaw,   and we're going to show them how to do it the right way from now on  :-)
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">18:55:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> sshaw, it will be in california this year
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">18:55:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> +1 for connect pool
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">18:55:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">18:55:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> Oakland?  no thanks
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">18:56:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> okay I suppose we should vote.
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">18:56:05 </span><span class="nka">* sshaw</span> <span class="ac">never wants to go back there</span>
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">18:56:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs  will create Connect Poll for event name</span>
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">18:56:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> sshaw wants to go camp in Oakland
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">18:56:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I want to quickly go back to the first topic (Target) for just a second with an idea I forgot to mention...
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">18:57:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> This will be in Florida where there are a lot of spanish-speaking people, and easy for folks from Mexico and Central America to travel to
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">18:57:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> go Spanish, go!
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">18:57:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'd like to propose we make an effort to have a bi-lingual conference  so that Spanish supporters feel welcome too.
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">18:57:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;workingwriter_&gt;</span> Si
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">18:57:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have several Spanish speakers already here in the meeting, I think we can do it.
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">18:58:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thoughts?
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">18:58:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> just laughing about myself... openSUSE UFC - openSUSE Unique Forum and Conf = openSUSE UFC
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">18:58:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> +1, but we need to be clear - no simultanious translation - to expensive
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">18:58:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, I like the idea. I think it would be good (later) to decide what type of sessions should also be hosted in Spanish, or if we would like to use translation equipment
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">18:58:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   No futbol talk.  We are not Corinthians!
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">18:58:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I doubt many ppl will not stop and ready the article just because have UFC in the event name :D
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">18:59:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> Ultimate Fighting ChampionshipÂ® (UFC) ?
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">18:59:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">18:59:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">18:59:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> come watch the lizards duke it out
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">18:59:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> sshaw, we hispanics are always in a fight for some reason
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">18:59:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so do we generally agree we want to go bi-lingual or only one official language?
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">18:59:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> yeap, but in pur case, openSUSE Ultimate Forum and Conference
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">18:59:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I like the official language take
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">18:59:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> one other point - are we capable of building a bilingual program?
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">19:00:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> but I don't speak spanish
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">19:00:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   Anditosan, tian and itxshell are spanish speakers who are very interested in attending.   And hopefully Federico will be there for SUSECon.
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">19:00:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> bi-lingual is good, but if we are spending the entirely day to find a simple name in one lnaguage, oh my gosh, we will take forever to bet a bi-language name
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">19:00:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'm thinking of the tools aka indico
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">19:00:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> AlanClark, we can make translated marketing materials, but we need to decide, after making sessions, which ones should be also in spanish
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">19:00:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we're capable of having sessions in Spanish.  Are we capable of having translation devices?  probably not.
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">19:01:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> what if we just provide translation services
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">19:01:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sshaw:</span> +1
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">19:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sshaw,   translation services require funding,  equipment + interpreters
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">19:01:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> it would suck if there are sessions you'd love to attend, but its not in your language
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">19:01:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> simultainious translation is very expensive
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">19:01:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> we have spanish speakers in here
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">19:02:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> subtitles ;)
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">19:02:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sshaw,  but would it be fair to tax them to have to be translating every session instead of being a participant?
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">19:02:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> then I will be able to subscribe for a talk and no one will be shame about my poor english, great idea master sshaw
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">19:02:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Itxshell&gt;</span> do not think it necsario think of an event to attend bilingual Latin American case it is understood that must handle both languages, if viewed from costs should consider the large number of users in Latin America
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">19:03:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Itxshell, suseROCKs is thinking mostly of the people of florida who are bilingual, many of them know spanish better than english
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">19:03:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sshaw,   having spanish speakers != the necessary skill to properly provide live translation.   Its a very unique skillset regardless of your language abilities.
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">19:04:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anditosan,   no I'm not.  i'm thinking we can get a lot of people from Central America to go too
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">19:04:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> what about creating/translating our sessions into spanish after the conference is over and making ourselves, spanish speakers, readily available for translation if people ask for it?
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">19:04:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anditosan,  for example last year when I ws exploring to create an openSUSE event in Guatemala, tian said we could get 30 people just from Guatemala City to attend that event.
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">19:04:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, ok
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">19:04:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I know.  I've done it before
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">19:05:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anditosan,   that is exclusionary and discriminatory.   Why bother inviting in the first place if they have to wait until after.
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">19:05:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, but I could volunteer to translate for people who want it
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">19:05:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  how's this...
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">19:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we look at the nuts and bolts as we go along,  but for now do we agree whether we want to have a goal of bi-lingual or not?
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">19:06:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> let pursue bi-lingual
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">19:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> no matter what you do it will be exclusionary
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">19:06:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">19:06:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> I don't speak spanish so therefore I'm ecluded from all spanish sessions
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">19:06:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sshaw,   we have trouble understanding your English too  :-)
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">19:06:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> and discriminatory because spanish isn't a language I know
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">19:06:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> :)
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">19:06:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Itxshell&gt;</span> universality for openSUSE and want to see constraints on a simple translation
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">19:07:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> no you just refuse to hear what I'm saying ;)
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">19:07:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> AlanClark: and all, openSUSE festival sounds good?, I'm just trying to find another name to satisfy anditosan dammit!
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">19:07:13 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">cranks up the sshaw volume  :-)</span>
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">19:07:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">19:07:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   Festival sounds like we will have ferris wheels and roller coasters in the parking lot
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">19:07:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> would your boss approve $$ for a festival?
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">19:07:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and cotton candy
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">19:07:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we already have Disney World down the road.  :-)
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">19:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> but we will not have rollercoster and ferris whells over there? oh no...
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">19:08:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   You and I can visit Disney World after the show.  Ok?
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">19:08:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> no, sure he will laugh on my face
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">19:08:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs works at Dysney, he's the old man from "Up"
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">19:09:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> yes, sorry guys, forget about festival... hey anditosan you sas at least I try to help you to get another name, but for while my boss only pays for Summit
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">19:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> No I'm Dopey, one of the seven dwarfs.  I'm so dopey I forgot to be short.
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">19:09:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, no big deal!
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">19:09:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so next topic!
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">19:09:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKS:</span> here's my proposal - That we pursue bi-lingual sessions and leave it to the CFP process to decide how many we receive
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">19:10:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,  sounds good
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">19:10:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> it really would be a CFP issue anyway
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">19:10:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sshaw&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> +1
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">19:10:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> don't forget to tag action to someone to publish the poll at connect
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">19:10:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   Already did.  Keep up!  :-)
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">19:10:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> ;)
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">19:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok the next topic will be crazy with lots of talking here..
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">19:11:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Breaking down the planning</span>
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">19:11:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> hehehe I'm ready
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">19:11:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If you again refer to the Agenda, you will see Alan and I have already listed quite a few items
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">19:11:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we will also include a calendar of milestones (see bottom of the wiki page)
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">19:12:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We should start identifying our milestones because we need to move quickly on many fronts
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">19:12:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> nooo I was out of the game for while here, maybe is better to me just listening now
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">19:13:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We need to set dates for:
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">19:13:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CFP call for papers and deadline
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">19:13:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have a date (March 1) for all artwork.  Its important we have posters ready to distribute at FOSS events ASAP to let people know about the event
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">19:14:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anditosan, has volunteered to help with artwork.  CarlosRibeiro  would you like to join in?
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">19:14:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> you see? artwork
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">19:14:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Yes, but I cannot contribute too much, I have no much time now,
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">19:14:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, right on it!
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">19:14:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> but for sure, one two thinks like a poster, or advertsiment, or card... I can give a hand
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">19:15:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> anybody else would like to help with artowrk?
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">19:15:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> btw artwork needs the formal name of the event
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">19:15:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> but Hey anditosan count with me for minor things, wiil be nice to in fact to work with you
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">19:15:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I can do it, I remember that tigerfoot metioned that he could render images for me too
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">19:15:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So I propose the poll deadline be Feb 11 to vote for the name poll.   Agreed?
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">19:15:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">19:15:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Agreed - that's plenty of time
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">19:15:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, tudo beim goroto! :D
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">19:16:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> gracias amigo
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">19:16:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#suserocks </span><span class="cmdline">to add Milestone  Naming Poll to be completed by Feb 11.</span>
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">19:16:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> great, perfect
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">19:16:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok what other immediate milestones do we need?
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">19:17:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> should we open this oportunity to choose the name to others fellow, that are not involved into the openSUSE ecosystem, I mean
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">19:17:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have formation of committees by Feb 8
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">19:17:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   What do you mean?
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">19:17:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> if I create a article about this open pool in portugues, and publish
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">19:18:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> for sure, more people from brazil will get a chance to choose the right name for get money from their possible sponsors
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">19:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,  Would they come even if they're not part of openSUSE ecosystem?
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">19:19:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> also, the pool anpunce in portguese and others languages will be a kind of a "Hey openSUSE is here, to help you to help us"
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">19:19:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yes, for your question
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">19:19:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> because maybe ppl are not involved in openSUSE, but are involved in education, retails, and other markets that use linux
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">19:19:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> not "pool" ... "poll"
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">19:20:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well...   I get your point CarlosRibeiro  and I agree with what you're tyring to sy
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">19:20:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> *say
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">19:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> so these ppl could be interested in be part of the event not because the openSUSE name, but because our talks, workshops...
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">19:20:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but...
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">19:20:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, suseROCKs, if we made it part of our advertisement, surely people would look into other areas where openSUSE is strong
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">19:21:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> naming is "personal" and I think we should allow openSUSE community to name it, not outsiders.   We hope the community will take those points into consideration
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">19:22:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   The poll will  be conducted on Connect.  What I'm unsure of is whether non-members can vote on a poll in Connect.
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">19:23:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Anyone else have thoughts on this?
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">19:24:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> suseROCKS - I think most of the milestones are specifc to planning areas.
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">19:24:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> right, I understood
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">19:24:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, many non members voted for artwork but using doodle
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">19:24:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Create a poll on the openSUSE members list to avoid such an issue
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">19:24:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> openSUSE members group on connect
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">19:25:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,  but the question being raised is whether the naming should be limited to members only.   CarlosRibeiro has some valid points, but I still feel we should have the right to name our own baby.
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">19:25:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> hmmm..
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">19:25:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> great, you are right, good point, but I believe for naming... maybe should not be a good idea. I don't have sure about that
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">19:26:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, I see
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">19:26:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok back to our main topic...
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">19:26:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> breaking down the planning  (and its milestones)
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">19:27:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> There's a list of planning areas on the wiki, what areas have we missed?
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">19:28:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> artwork, naming, and committee formations are the immediate milestones.
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">19:28:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> should we let the committees create their own milestones to add to the calendar once they are formed?
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">19:28:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> +1 on that idea
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">19:28:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, I like that idea, set a final submission date for our spread tasks
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">19:29:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> from marketing and the rest of us plan accordingly
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">19:29:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  let's do that.   Kind of pointless to create their milestones before they've even had a chance to talk amongst themselves
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">19:29:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> but does we already have this committee?
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">19:29:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   That's the next topic:   Call for Volunteers   :-)
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">19:29:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> well ... ok
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">19:29:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> me me me! artwork! flyers, posters, hand outs, and maybe spanish translation for a couple of sessions
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">19:30:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Call for Volunteers</span>
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">19:30:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> great segway
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">19:30:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">19:30:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">artwork! flyers, posters, hand outs, and maybe spanish translation for a couple of sessions</span>
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">19:30:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I believe we must first talk about volunteers, and after that ask them to see if they don't mind to handle this taks
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">19:30:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   yes  that's what we were just saying a few mins ago, to let them handle the milestones themselves
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">19:31:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">19:31:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so for the call for volunteers:   Please note at the top of the wiki page the list of areas we need volunteers for
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">19:31:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Add your names!
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">19:31:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> You can add your name to more than one task/committee/whatever
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">19:32:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I will also push for this to be known on the ML as well.
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">19:32:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> anditosan, marketing artwork, flyers, handouts, posters. Also Spanish, translation or spanish sessions
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">19:32:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> and camy!
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">19:32:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> But before we do that, let's look at this list and make sure we have all areas covered
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">19:32:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> and more than one volunteer per task
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">19:33:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> is everyone looking at the list now?
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">19:33:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> so we have anditosan as first volunterr, right anditosan?
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">19:33:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I can give some cents for artwork, and anything on onsite staff
<a name="l-413"></a><span class="tm">19:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, right!
<a name="l-414"></a><span class="tm">19:33:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I need to add one more task to get our Android app for the conference.  I will ping prusnak to update the one we used for oSC last year.
<a name="l-415"></a><span class="tm">19:34:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> done
<a name="l-416"></a><span class="tm">19:35:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> anyone creating a website?
<a name="l-417"></a><span class="tm">19:35:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> That's indico
<a name="l-418"></a><span class="tm">19:35:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> good point, android app
<a name="l-419"></a><span class="tm">19:35:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anditosan,  we have indico that we used for the CFP stuff, and I will ping admins to create an instance of wordpress for the public-facing website
<a name="l-420"></a><span class="tm">19:36:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   yeah  but there's two sections to conference that we need.
<a name="l-421"></a><span class="tm">19:36:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> also using android app is a goos space to get some sponsor logo too $$$ cool
<a name="l-422"></a><span class="tm">19:36:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   we have an android app, we just need to ask prusnak to adapt it for our (soon-to-be-named Event)
<a name="l-423"></a><span class="tm">19:37:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I will ask him if there is room to create a sponsor window on it,  presently it doesn't have that feature visible
<a name="l-424"></a><span class="tm">19:37:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Sounds like we have most areas covered then?
<a name="l-425"></a><span class="tm">19:37:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> no way to get some space/area inside de app  to let us to try to get a sponsor for that?
<a name="l-426"></a><span class="tm">19:38:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   thats why we will ask Prusnak wht we can adapt.  :-D
<a name="l-427"></a><span class="tm">19:38:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I can't speak for the cart in front of the horse.  :-)
<a name="l-428"></a><span class="tm">19:38:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> well done, good boy ;) great
<a name="l-429"></a><span class="tm">19:38:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> woof! woof!
<a name="l-430"></a><span class="tm">19:38:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> kkkkk
<a name="l-431"></a><span class="tm">19:38:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> druonysus,    are you going to volunteer for anything?
<a name="l-432"></a><span class="tm">19:39:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> yes I am
<a name="l-433"></a><span class="tm">19:39:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Cool
<a name="l-434"></a><span class="tm">19:39:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> I just don't know where I am useful
<a name="l-435"></a><span class="tm">19:39:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> so I have not chimed in
<a name="l-436"></a><span class="tm">19:39:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-437"></a><span class="tm">19:39:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I think we have covered the gamut of what needed to be done for kickoff meeting
<a name="l-438"></a><span class="tm">19:39:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">druonysus:</span> how about the program committee?
<a name="l-439"></a><span class="tm">19:39:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Unless  someone else has something to add, I have some closing statements to make
<a name="l-440"></a><span class="tm">19:40:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> sure
<a name="l-441"></a><span class="tm">19:40:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   At some point, we need to give CFP team exact information about hours of session availability.
<a name="l-442"></a><span class="tm">19:41:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> How about the program committee figuring that out
<a name="l-443"></a><span class="tm">19:41:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   what I meant is...  Do we have all day Fri-Sun  or do we only have Fri-evening to Sun?
<a name="l-444"></a><span class="tm">19:42:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We don't know (at least those of us not in communication with SUSE) when exactly SUSE will turn over the venue to us.
<a name="l-445"></a><span class="tm">19:42:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I have that information, so will put myself on the program committee
<a name="l-446"></a><span class="tm">19:42:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Great
<a name="l-447"></a><span class="tm">19:42:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  so let's move on to closing statements
<a name="l-448"></a><span class="tm">19:42:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Closing Statements and general Q&amp;A</span>
<a name="l-449"></a><span class="tm">19:42:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Also make me the coordinator with SUSEcon
<a name="l-450"></a><span class="tm">19:42:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ok I want to make something *VERY* clear here
<a name="l-451"></a><span class="tm">19:43:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,  will do
<a name="l-452"></a><span class="tm">19:43:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have a lot of energy and I think we can make this event a HUGE success.   We see a lot of people wanting to be involved here.
<a name="l-453"></a><span class="tm">19:43:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> And that makes me very excited
<a name="l-454"></a><span class="tm">19:43:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> hummmmm
<a name="l-455"></a><span class="tm">19:43:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> me too
<a name="l-456"></a><span class="tm">19:43:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-457"></a><span class="tm">19:43:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">druonysus:</span> hummmm too
<a name="l-458"></a><span class="tm">19:43:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> It is important to recognize one thing.   With all this comes some responsibility....
<a name="l-459"></a><span class="tm">19:44:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We do not have any clear idea of what funding will be available for now for travel sponsorships.
<a name="l-460"></a><span class="tm">19:44:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> And we, as a community, need to reach out to potential sponsors.  Not rely on SUSE to do all the work
<a name="l-461"></a><span class="tm">19:44:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> It is our conference, it is our responsibility, and we can make it happen!
<a name="l-462"></a><span class="tm">19:45:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Any questions?
<a name="l-463"></a><span class="tm">19:45:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> It's going to be a lot of fun!
<a name="l-464"></a><span class="tm">19:45:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> YES
<a name="l-465"></a><span class="tm">19:45:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, I would love to contact sponsors, but I know little about it. Maybe I could get some direction about that if necessary
<a name="l-466"></a><span class="tm">19:45:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> Sorry I am late and offtopic. Can be added "openSUSELiveCon" to name proposals
<a name="l-467"></a><span class="tm">19:45:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   You know, I had a really weird dream last night.  I dreamt that we had a Build-Geeko Fest in the parking lot where everyone created a giant geeko made out of paper mache.   :-D
<a name="l-468"></a><span class="tm">19:45:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> humm yes, but let your statement out of the AlanClark vision eheh. Lets' make this a big event with all resource possbible
<a name="l-469"></a><span class="tm">19:46:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   That's exactly the point.   "All resources"   Not just rely on SUSE to do it all for us
<a name="l-470"></a><span class="tm">19:46:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> +1
<a name="l-471"></a><span class="tm">19:46:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We all have various contacts in the world,  let's use it!
<a name="l-472"></a><span class="tm">19:46:58 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">envisions suseROCKS on the Evening event committee making paper mache</span>
<a name="l-473"></a><span class="tm">19:47:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anditosan,   well, there will be a sponsorship team created.  They will likely create form letters and advisories on how you can reach out to your contacts for sponsorship requests.
<a name="l-474"></a><span class="tm">19:47:20 </span><span class="nka">* anditosan</span> <span class="ac">thinks that suseROCKs should wear a gecko tail all along the show!</span>
<a name="l-475"></a><span class="tm">19:47:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   you dreamt my dream too??   LOL
<a name="l-476"></a><span class="tm">19:47:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, cool!
<a name="l-477"></a><span class="tm">19:47:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> any way to have a sponsor from BRazil, I mean, is that so difficult to make happen
<a name="l-478"></a><span class="tm">19:48:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I was thinking about Banco do Brasil
<a name="l-479"></a><span class="tm">19:48:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> suseROCKS - in my dream you were eaten by the crocidile
<a name="l-480"></a><span class="tm">19:48:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> LOL
<a name="l-481"></a><span class="tm">19:48:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> will be awesome to have they as a sponsor for the event
<a name="l-482"></a><span class="tm">19:48:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   Wonderful.   Definitely!
<a name="l-483"></a><span class="tm">19:48:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span>  Banco do Brasil would be way cool
<a name="l-484"></a><span class="tm">19:48:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> see?  that's thinking outside of the box,   That's the point I made and you stepped up awesomely!
<a name="l-485"></a><span class="tm">19:48:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> a bank sponsoring us, would be awesome! sounds like tons of money and bling!
<a name="l-486"></a><span class="tm">19:49:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> not sure, but I believe Izabel already have one openSUSE sponsor proposal already prepared for this
<a name="l-487"></a><span class="tm">19:49:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anditosan,    FYI  All of Banco's ATM machines run openSUSE
<a name="l-488"></a><span class="tm">19:49:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Awesome
<a name="l-489"></a><span class="tm">19:49:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> write down theses names Banco do Brasil and Caixa Economica Federal
<a name="l-490"></a><span class="tm">19:49:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> two potencials and huges sponsors
<a name="l-491"></a><span class="tm">19:50:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> Banco do brasil have already more than 100.000 openSUSE installed at their infra-structure, there is no reason to not knock on their doors
<a name="l-492"></a><span class="tm">19:50:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok any other questions?
<a name="l-493"></a><span class="tm">19:51:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, good pointers, maybe I can work something out from Chile as well, I have some contacts there
<a name="l-494"></a><span class="tm">19:51:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, not me!
<a name="l-495"></a><span class="tm">19:51:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> Can be added "openSUSELiveCon" to name proposals
<a name="l-496"></a><span class="tm">19:51:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> amon0thoth1,  I'll add it to the list for you
<a name="l-497"></a><span class="tm">19:51:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">amon0thoth1:</span> nice shoot dude
<a name="l-498"></a><span class="tm">19:52:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">amon0thoth1:</span> +1
<a name="l-499"></a><span class="tm">19:52:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> amon0thth1, suseROCks, will create a poll for these names, keep it around
<a name="l-500"></a><span class="tm">19:52:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> what about US based sponsors?.. do we have any ideas to get a US backer?
<a name="l-501"></a><span class="tm">19:52:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> amon0thoth1,  and of course I expect to see you finally in person  :-)
<a name="l-502"></a><span class="tm">19:52:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> druonysus,   I have a couple of contacts I will pursue
<a name="l-503"></a><span class="tm">19:52:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> thank you guys, i hoped to come earlier. work work
<a name="l-504"></a><span class="tm">19:53:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I doubt I mean, US and Europe banks are not in good shapes nowadays
<a name="l-505"></a><span class="tm">19:53:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> suseROCKs, I hope so too
<a name="l-506"></a><span class="tm">19:53:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> but is a good question
<a name="l-507"></a><span class="tm">19:53:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I have some ideas for sponsors as well - let's work out coordination within that sponsor commiittee
<a name="l-508"></a><span class="tm">19:53:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   well banks are not the only sponsors  :-)
<a name="l-509"></a><span class="tm">19:53:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yes, sorry I'm tired and I was thinking in a bank yet
<a name="l-510"></a><span class="tm">19:54:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> the action today is to sign up on the committee lists
<a name="l-511"></a><span class="tm">19:54:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> maybe some airlines can sponsor you too
<a name="l-512"></a><span class="tm">19:54:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> \me wake up
<a name="l-513"></a><span class="tm">19:54:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> amon0thoth1,   We need to ping mrdocs to investigate airline possiblities.  He's an expert in that field
<a name="l-514"></a><span class="tm">19:54:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">amon0thoth1:</span> another good idea, had you any good contact at any ariline company?
<a name="l-515"></a><span class="tm">19:55:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so final question of the day (I think)
<a name="l-516"></a><span class="tm">19:55:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> suseROCKs &amp; AlanClark: before I went tech I worked in Sales and Marketing... if I can help making calls or anyting let me know... I am good at that kind of stuff
<a name="l-517"></a><span class="tm">19:55:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> sweet Drew!
<a name="l-518"></a><span class="tm">19:55:30 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">thought druonysus's voice was familiar.  Was taht you telemarketing me???</span>
<a name="l-519"></a><span class="tm">19:55:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, let me check in COPA  Arilines
<a name="l-520"></a><span class="tm">19:55:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> (no that was not my final question hehe)
<a name="l-521"></a><span class="tm">19:55:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> NO... NEVER a telemarketing person
<a name="l-522"></a><span class="tm">19:55:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">suserocks to ping mrdocs to find out possibilities to have airlines beeing a openSUSE event sponsors</span>
<a name="l-523"></a><span class="tm">19:56:03 </span><span class="nka">* anditosan</span> <span class="ac">dryonysus, hello this is Drew, how may I help you today?</span>
<a name="l-524"></a><span class="tm">19:56:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">CarlosRibeiro</span>
<a name="l-525"></a><span class="tm">19:56:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AlanClark CarlosRibeiro suseROCKs
<a name="l-526"></a><span class="tm">19:56:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">amon0thoth1:</span> yep COPA, makes me remember about panama
<a name="l-527"></a><span class="tm">19:56:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   now do the #caction  :-)
<a name="l-528"></a><span class="tm">19:56:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> good time
<a name="l-529"></a><span class="tm">19:56:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> nooo, is just to remember you
<a name="l-530"></a><span class="tm">19:56:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,  but if you are not a chair, your #action did not get recorded
<a name="l-531"></a><span class="tm">19:56:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, that's right. they used to be associated with Continental Airlines too
<a name="l-532"></a><span class="tm">19:57:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Now I am empowering you  :-D
<a name="l-533"></a><span class="tm">19:57:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> nice :D
<a name="l-534"></a><span class="tm">19:57:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I sttarted my new job owend you a dollar, right?
<a name="l-535"></a><span class="tm">19:57:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Now...  we should do the following:   1)  Post general information updates to the Project ML about the progress of our event planning
<a name="l-536"></a><span class="tm">19:58:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2)  Committees can form their own mailing group so we don't spam the Project ML
<a name="l-537"></a><span class="tm">19:58:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3)  We have a once-a-month Status Update IRC meeting to see how everyone is coming along
<a name="l-538"></a><span class="tm">19:58:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I was asked yesterday if we can consider having future meetings on Saturday.    Any objections to that?
<a name="l-539"></a><span class="tm">19:58:48 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">looks at AlanClark :-)</span>
<a name="l-540"></a><span class="tm">19:58:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> not me
<a name="l-541"></a><span class="tm">19:58:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> no objection
<a name="l-542"></a><span class="tm">19:59:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   not you for Sat or not you for objection?
<a name="l-543"></a><span class="tm">19:59:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> ok, no problem I didn't object anyway rsrs :D
<a name="l-544"></a><span class="tm">20:00:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> do we already have the location in Orlando?
<a name="l-545"></a><span class="tm">20:00:13 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">gives CarlosRibeiro  a Corinthian shirt</span>
<a name="l-546"></a><span class="tm">20:00:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> amon0thoth1,   yes   Caribe Royale   (See the wiki page for the link)
<a name="l-547"></a><span class="tm">20:00:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> really makes me happy now, thanks a lot :D
<a name="l-548"></a><span class="tm">20:01:07 </span><span class="nka">* amon0thoth1</span> <span class="ac">will check the link for Caribe Royale location</span>
<a name="l-549"></a><span class="tm">20:01:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Caribe Royale looks like a rearrangement of letters from CarlosRibeiro
<a name="l-550"></a><span class="tm">20:01:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> yeap I though the same
<a name="l-551"></a><span class="tm">20:01:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> kkkkk
<a name="l-552"></a><span class="tm">20:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I love this one
<a name="l-553"></a><span class="tm">20:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   Speaking of which, do we have discount codes arranged for the hotel yet?
<a name="l-554"></a><span class="tm">20:01:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> not yet
<a name="l-555"></a><span class="tm">20:02:07 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">has a slight worry about whether rooms will be available if SUSECon attendees stay over for the weekend to do other stuff.</span>
<a name="l-556"></a><span class="tm">20:02:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> they do have a block of rooms set
<a name="l-557"></a><span class="tm">20:02:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-558"></a><span class="tm">20:02:49 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">adds this to the wiki list</span>
<a name="l-559"></a><span class="tm">20:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think we can close now.   All in favor to close?
<a name="l-560"></a><span class="tm">20:03:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-561"></a><span class="tm">20:03:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;druonysus&gt;</span> go for it ;)
<a name="l-562"></a><span class="tm">20:03:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> you betcha!
<a name="l-563"></a><span class="tm">20:03:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thank you all for getting started with great energy!
<a name="l-564"></a><span class="tm">20:03:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
