===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by vuntz at 17:00:13 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2012/opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Quick review of action items from last meeting  (vuntz, 17:02:45)
  * for the wiku update AI, cboltz could do with some help pushing this
    forward  (vuntz, 17:07:35)
  * doc on what chairing involves and how to do it is on
    http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting  (vuntz, 17:09:30)
  * keeping other AI that weren't completed  (vuntz, 17:09:39)
  * ACTION: darix to ask henne about getting someone else to help with
    administrating the mailing lists  (vuntz, 17:09:44)
  * ACTION: cboltz to ask scott about status of wiki update  (vuntz,
    17:09:51)
  * ACTION: vuntz to talk to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE
    (vuntz, 17:09:58)

* openSUSE presence at SUSECon 2013  (vuntz, 17:12:21)
  * for background, see discussion at
    http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-project/2012-12/msg00017.html
    (vuntz, 17:54:45)
  * agreement that having a booth at SUSECon would be great  (vuntz,
    17:55:03)
  * agreement that we should try to have talks at SUSECon  (vuntz,
    17:55:13)
  * many questions on whether a summit or a track is best, whether doing
    this at SUSECon or at another event is best, etc. (see log)  (vuntz,
    17:56:05)
  * suggestion to rethink how we should organize a summit (or summits)
    in 2014; a discussion to start after we decide what to do in 2013
    (vuntz, 17:57:26)
  * potential options for 2013: do like last year, push to have a track
    during SUSECon, do a summit at another event (no concrete proposal
    so far), do no summit  (vuntz, 17:58:19)
  * there is no real option to decide to do the Summit and then cancel
    in February (too expensive)  (vuntz, 18:03:26)
  * ACTION: vuntz to summarize discussion to the board  (vuntz,
    18:08:55)

* openSUSE Conference 2013  (vuntz, 18:09:29)
  * kick-start meeting for oSC13 is tomorrow at 15:00 UTC  (vuntz,
    18:10:12)
  * people willing to help can join the trello board:
    https://trello.com/board/opensuse-conference-2013/4fbbad2bb16117957efeff5c
    (vuntz, 18:11:39)
  * 19-20-21 of July is currently the target dates  (vuntz, 18:12:23)
  * there is a connect group named 'oSC13 The summer is comming' for
    people to submit any articles / blog posts / etc.  (vuntz, 18:15:19)
  * everyone should blog about the conference!  (vuntz, 18:15:37)
  * https://en.opensuse.org/Portal:Conference is the place where all the
    information about the event is gathered  (vuntz, 18:16:19)
  * everybody is welcome to participate in the organization  (vuntz,
    18:17:06)

* Brief Q&A  (vuntz, 18:22:58)

* Next meeting date & chair  (vuntz, 18:25:05)
  * no meeting on December 26th  (vuntz, 18:26:33)
  * next meeting on January 9th (chair: vuntz)  (vuntz, 18:26:43)



Meeting ended at 18:26:52 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* cboltz
  * cboltz to ask scott about status of wiki update
* vuntz
  * vuntz to talk to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE
  * vuntz to summarize discussion to the board



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* vuntz (136)
* warlordfff (109)
* suseROCKs (70)
* robjo (49)
* Ilmehtar (22)
* hendersj (14)
* differentreality (6)
* tampakrap (6)
* victorhck (4)
* cboltz (4)
* bugbot (3)
* tux93 (1)
* zoumpis_mobile (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4