<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by vuntz at 17:00:13 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Quick review of action items from last meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-19'>vuntz</a>, 17:02:45)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">for the wiku update AI, cboltz could do with
    some help pushing this forward</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-36'>vuntz</a>,
    17:07:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">doc on what chairing involves and how to do it
    is on http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-48'>vuntz</a>,
    17:09:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">keeping other AI that weren't completed</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-49'>vuntz</a>,
    17:09:39)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">darix to ask
    henne about getting someone else to help with administrating the
    mailing lists</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-50'>vuntz</a>,
    17:09:44)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">cboltz to ask
    scott about status of wiki update</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-51'>vuntz</a>,
    17:09:51)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vuntz to talk
    to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-52'>vuntz</a>,
    17:09:58)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE presence at SUSECon 2013</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-62'>vuntz</a>, 17:12:21)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">for background, see discussion at
    http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-project/2012-12/msg00017.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-243'>vuntz</a>,
    17:54:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">agreement that having a booth at SUSECon would
    be great</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-244'>vuntz</a>,
    17:55:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">agreement that we should try to have talks at
    SUSECon</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-245'>vuntz</a>,
    17:55:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">many questions on whether a summit or a track
    is best, whether doing this at SUSECon or at another event is best,
    etc. (see log)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-246'>vuntz</a>,
    17:56:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">suggestion to rethink how we should organize a
    summit (or summits) in 2014; a discussion to start after we decide
    what to do in 2013</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-254'>vuntz</a>,
    17:57:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">potential options for 2013: do like last year,
    push to have a track during SUSECon, do a summit at another event
    (no concrete proposal so far), do no summit</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-261'>vuntz</a>,
    17:58:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">there is no real option to decide to do the
    Summit and then cancel in February (too expensive)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-276'>vuntz</a>,
    18:03:26)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vuntz to
    summarize discussion to the board</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-301'>vuntz</a>,
    18:08:55)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Conference 2013</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-305'>vuntz</a>, 18:09:29)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">kick-start meeting for oSC13 is tomorrow at
    15:00 UTC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-313'>vuntz</a>,
    18:10:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">people willing to help can join the trello
    board:
    https://trello.com/board/opensuse-conference-2013/4fbbad2bb16117957efeff5c</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-325'>vuntz</a>,
    18:11:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">19-20-21 of July is currently the target
    dates</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-328'>vuntz</a>,
    18:12:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">there is a connect group named 'oSC13 The
    summer is comming' for people to submit any articles / blog posts /
    etc.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-345'>vuntz</a>,
    18:15:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">everyone should blog about the
    conference!</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-348'>vuntz</a>,
    18:15:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">https://en.opensuse.org/Portal:Conference is
    the place where all the information about the event is
    gathered</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-351'>vuntz</a>,
    18:16:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">everybody is welcome to participate in the
    organization</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-355'>vuntz</a>,
    18:17:06)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Brief Q&amp;A</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-391'>vuntz</a>, 18:22:58)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting date &amp; chair</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-404'>vuntz</a>, 18:25:05)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">no meeting on December 26th</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-421'>vuntz</a>,
    18:26:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">next meeting on January 9th (chair:
    vuntz)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html#l-422'>vuntz</a>,
    18:26:43)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:26:52 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-12-12-17.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>darix to ask henne about getting someone else to help with administrating the mailing lists</li>
  <li>cboltz to ask scott about status of wiki update</li>
  <li>vuntz to talk to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE</li>
  <li>vuntz to summarize discussion to the board</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> cboltz <ol>
    <li>cboltz to ask scott about status of wiki update</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> vuntz <ol>
    <li>vuntz to talk to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE</li>
    <li>vuntz to summarize discussion to the board</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>vuntz (136)</li>
  <li>warlordfff (109)</li>
  <li>suseROCKs (70)</li>
  <li>robjo (49)</li>
  <li>Ilmehtar (22)</li>
  <li>hendersj (14)</li>
  <li>differentreality (6)</li>
  <li>tampakrap (6)</li>
  <li>victorhck (4)</li>
  <li>cboltz (4)</li>
  <li>bugbot (3)</li>
  <li>tux93 (1)</li>
  <li>zoumpis_mobile (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
