<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by AlanClark at 20:08:20 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-06-27-20.08.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">mrdocs will
    write to the internal board and project list announcing the new
    time</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-06-27-20.08.log.html#l-23'>mrdocs</a>,
    20:15:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AlanClark to
    ask the SUSE UEFI engineers to summarize their current investigation
    and findings to the project mailing list; let the community know how
    they can help</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-06-27-20.08.log.html#l-48'>AlanClark</a>,
    20:26:16)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:42:07 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-06-27-20.08.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>mrdocs will write to the internal board and project list announcing the new time</li>
  <li>AlanClark to ask the SUSE UEFI engineers to summarize their current investigation and findings to the project mailing list; let the community know how they can help</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> AlanClark <ol>
    <li>AlanClark to ask the SUSE UEFI engineers to summarize their current investigation and findings to the project mailing list; let the community know how they can help</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> mrdocs <ol>
    <li>mrdocs will write to the internal board and project list announcing the new time</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>AlanClark (31)</li>
  <li>mrdocs (22)</li>
  <li>hendersj (16)</li>
  <li>malcolmlewis (4)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
