<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Summit Monthly Status meeting  03-03-2012</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Summit Monthly Status meeting  03-03-2012</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by suseROCKs at 18:10:37 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Purpose of meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-8'>suseROCKs</a>, 18:11:11)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Statuses - Program Committee</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-17'>suseROCKs</a>, 18:14:29)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Latest Program Committee Update:
    http://www.bryen.com/summit-program-team-gets-fired-up/</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-21'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:15:45)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Statuses - Promotion Committee</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-44'>suseROCKs</a>, 18:21:07)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Logo created, posters and flyers being worked
    on by anditosan</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-47'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:22:49)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://s1108.photobucket.com/albums/h414/anditosan/?action=view&amp;current=Poster11x17.png">http://s1108.photobucket.com/albums/h414/anditosan/?action=view&amp;current=Poster11x17.png</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-53'>shayonj</a>,
    18:23:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">we need first batch of promotion materials by
    March 30th for first FOSS Event (Flourish! Conf in Chicago)</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-54'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:24:07)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Anditosan's openSUSE Summit logo here:
    http://bit.ly/xlcvWH</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-57'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:25:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Statuses - Technical Committee</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-63'>suseROCKs</a>, 18:27:17)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Indico to be ready to accept CFPs and
    Registrations by March 30th</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-66'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:28:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">openSUSE Summit website draft -
    http://suse2.shayon.me/</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-72'>shayonj</a>,
    18:29:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">anditosan just text that he took a sleeping
    pill last night and is trying to wake up to get to the
    meeting...</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-79'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:31:46)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">shayonj to
    follow up with @admin to identify the steps required to formally
    deploy summit.opensuse.org by March 30th</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-125'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:41:58)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Statuses - Evening Entertainment Committee</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-157'>suseROCKs</a>, 18:48:59)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Statuses - Venue Committee</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-160'>suseROCKs</a>, 18:50:11)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We need volunteers for the Evening
    Entertainment Committee</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-164'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:51:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">we need more volunteers for Venue Committee,
    but we have time yet while we continue to gather up logistics
    information</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-165'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:51:58)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Q&amp;A</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-166'>suseROCKs</a>, 18:52:05)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">meeting attendees inquired about status of
    travel sponsorship to Summit.  Answer:  We have no formal
    determination of funding levels at this time</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-174'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:54:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">suseROCKs is awaiting simon123 to volunteer
    somewhere in Summit planning  :-)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-181'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:55:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Question: When is alexia going to visit Orlando
    to find out more about the venue?  Answer:  A definite date has not
    been determined yet, but soon.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-186'>suseROCKs</a>,
    18:55:55)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">anditosan to
    make sure all artwork requirements are identified in
    http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Summit_Promotion_Committee</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-202'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:00:06)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">anditosan to
    also coordinate with Venue Committee for venue artwork when the time
    is appropriate
    http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Summit_General_Committees</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html#l-204'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:00:43)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:04:00 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>shayonj to follow up with @admin to identify the steps required to formally deploy summit.opensuse.org by March 30th</li>
  <li>anditosan to make sure all artwork requirements are identified in http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Summit_Promotion_Committee</li>
  <li>anditosan to also coordinate with Venue Committee for venue artwork when the time is appropriate  http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Summit_General_Committees</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> anditosan <ol>
    <li>anditosan to make sure all artwork requirements are identified in http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Summit_Promotion_Committee</li>
    <li>anditosan to also coordinate with Venue Committee for venue artwork when the time is appropriate  http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Summit_General_Committees</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> shayonj <ol>
    <li>shayonj to follow up with @admin to identify the steps required to formally deploy summit.opensuse.org by March 30th</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs (114)</li>
  <li>shayonj (64)</li>
  <li>anditosan (29)</li>
  <li>simon123 (4)</li>
  <li>tacit (4)</li>
  <li>bugbot (3)</li>
  <li>tigerfoot (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
