=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by AlanClark at 20:08:20 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2012/opensuse-project.2012-06-27-20.08.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* ACTION: mrdocs will write to the internal board and project list
  announcing the new time  (mrdocs, 20:15:37)
* ACTION: AlanClark to ask the SUSE UEFI engineers to summarize their
  current investigation and findings to the project mailing list; let
  the community know how they can help  (AlanClark, 20:26:16)



Meeting ended at 20:42:07 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* AlanClark
  * AlanClark to ask the SUSE UEFI engineers to summarize their current
    investigation and findings to the project mailing list; let the
    community know how they can help
* mrdocs
  * mrdocs will write to the internal board and project list announcing
    the new time



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* AlanClark (31)
* mrdocs (22)
* hendersj (16)
* malcolmlewis (4)
* bugbot (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4