<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Thu Dec 20 15:06:16 2012 UTC.  The chair is robjo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:06:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">oSC13 Program Comittee meeting</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:07:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">present: Alberto (aplanas), Matt (znggo), Michal (miska), Stella (differentreality), Robert (robjo)</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:07:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">missing Henne (henne), Luiz</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:08:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> Before we get started I just want to say that Nikos (nloukidis) is a local volunteer and is also here to attend the  meeting
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:09:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:09:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Anyone in the channel is welcome to listen in of course, it is a public meeting.
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yeah :)
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:09:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> topic is not set though, is it ?
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:09:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> However, most of the conversation should take place between those that have volunteered to be on the committee
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:10:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I did set the topic and was about to change it to intro, did it not work?
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:10:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> permissions fixed
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> thanks
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:10:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, lets try that again.
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:10:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> as far as I am concerned I don't see the topic changed, my concern being that maybe also other commands like # info did not reallyw ork
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:11:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">oSC13 Program Comittee meeting</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:11:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">present: Alberto (aplanas), Matt (znggo), Michal (miska), Stella (differentreality), Robert (robjo)</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:11:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">missing Henne (henne), Luiz</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:11:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> bugbot needs to be op ?
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The agenda is as follows:
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:11:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - Brief intro (everyone can introduce themselves to the group)
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - Decide on the tool to use
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - who is going to administer the tool
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - options:
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> ~ Indico: http://indico-software.org/
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> ~ Pentabarf: http://pentabarf.org/Main_Page
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> ~ OpenConferenceWare: https://github.com/igal/openconferenceware#readme
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:11:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> ~ Open Conference Systems: http://pkp.sfu.ca/?q=ocs
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:11:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> ~ others?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:11:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - Decide on the tracks
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:11:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - Decide on the dates
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:11:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - open paper submission
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:11:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - close submission
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - date of notification
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:13:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> does bugbot need to be op ?
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:13:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If it's not working I'll try to extract the minutes from my logs. Lets just move on and not worry too much about bugbot.
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I'll start with the into.
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> might be - let's give...
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:13:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> rl
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:13:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> lb
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:14:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> take op back at the end - I need to leave soon....
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:14:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Robert Schweikert, work at SUSE in ISV Engineering. I've helped with the program for the Summit last year and am looking forward to have another great program for oSC13
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:14:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> have no idea how to do that and what you mean.
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:15:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Lets sort bugbot out another time.
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:15:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">test</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:15:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> yes, I'd like to leave in 45 minutes :-)
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:15:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> Anyway - Matt Barringer, SUSE employee, wrote the android schedule
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:15:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> ok
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:16:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aplanas:</span> intro?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:16:40 </span><span class="nka">* |miska|</span> <span class="ac">is suse employee, openSUSE team member, was heavilly involvolved in last years conference</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:16:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> Alberto Planas. Work at SUSE NUE, in the openSUSE team. New here in SUSE but long time Linux user.
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:17:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> ?
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:17:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> Stella Rouzi, local organizer in Thessaloniki, Greece, I have a degree in informatics &amp; communications, I help in the organization of several greek FOSS conferences/events
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:17:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Great thanks, next
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:17:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">What tool should we use</span>
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:18:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> now it works, nice
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:18:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Matt has already volunteered to set up the tool and fix any exporting issues, if needed.
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thanks Matt
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> I vote for openconferenceware.  It has nearly all of what we would need, and it's a rails app, so it's easy enough to extend it if we run into trouble
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:19:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> In my mind the only thing that speaks for Indico is that we have used it in the past. i.e. people already have accounts and the tool is already set up.
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:19:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Other than that I see no "restrictirons" on switching
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:19:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> accounts isn't much of an issue with openconferenceware, as it's all openid based
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> seeing also the pros/cons here http://paste.opensuse.org/1993967  I am between openconferenceware and penta
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:20:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> openconferenceware have a +1 for me if one user know how to taylor the tool
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:20:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I know to use penta as a user
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:20:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I have no experience with Ruby &amp; Rails other than that all Ruby packages that I depend on in OBS are broken more often than not and that Ruby itself has issues with compatibility behavior IMHO
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:21:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> penta is rails as well I think
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:21:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> FOSDEM uses penta for sometime now
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:21:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> |miska| yes is rails
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:21:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I guess Pascal could answer if we have some questions about how it works
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:22:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> OCS is PHP
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:22:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> And is confusing as hell
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:22:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> one thing i can't see is if pentabarf has a usable export API.  it exports XML, but that doesn't tell me if the export is *useful*
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:22:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> OCS
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:22:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">znggo:</span> export of penta is meant to be used with fahrplan
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:22:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I beleive
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:23:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Which is Android app we used in 2011
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:23:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> i assume so as well, but the schedule i wrote needs more data than fahrplan exposes IIRC
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:24:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> although, worst case would be to do a database scrape, so that's not really such a huge issue
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:24:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Or patch it to export more data
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:24:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> While I like the "patch it" idea
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:25:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> from the looks of it many of these tools are at a relative stand still
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:25:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> and having patches we cannot push upstream and have to maintain for the future is something I would not recommend we get into
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:25:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Well, personaly from descriptions, screenshots and some playing around, I liked penta the most, but my opinion is that we should go for whatever is the most confortable for znggo as he will maintain/setup it
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:26:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> #agree
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:26:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> Well, if they are still, there is low maintenance of patches
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:26:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I am pretty much towards what miska just said. I would go for penta but ultimately matt has to be able to work with it in the most effective way possible
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:27:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> well, if people are comfortable with me making the decision, i'll install pentabarf this weekend and give them a good comparison before deciding
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:27:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">znggo:</span> you still favor OCW (OpenConferenceWare) ?
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:28:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I am good with that approach
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:28:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> others?
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:28:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Fine with me
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:28:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> if znggo can get things running as we need them, no prob from me
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:28:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Actually awesome, kudos to znggo
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:29:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Matt to setup pentabarf and OpenConferenceWare and decide by 12/27 which tool we will use</span>
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:29:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> one question
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:30:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> i never want to have to copy and paste from a Google Docs spreadsheet into JSON ever again ;-)
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:30:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> except for talk submissions does ocw support user registration too?
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:30:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:30:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> nice :)
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:30:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">znggo:</span> :-D It had tsb/csv export :-D
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:30:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> the login is done with openid, but the user can set their biography, upload a photo, etc
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:30:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> But I totally unbderstand
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:30:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Tool must support user registration, talk submission, schedule creation and schedule export</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:31:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> the CFP workflow is less important here, isn't?
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:31:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aplanas:</span> Yes, I think so
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:32:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:32:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Can I summarize real quick?
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:32:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:32:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Tool is either penta or OCW
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:32:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Matt will set up both and decide which one by 12/27
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:33:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We will announce on the list (project &amp; conference) after Matt has come to a decision
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:33:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> end summary
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:33:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Everyone OK with this?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:33:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:33:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> i don't know if -project needs to be informed, does it?
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:34:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> wouldn't hurt to send a couple of announcements to project as well
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:34:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:34:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">znggo:</span> I would like to keep people that are no on -conference in the loop as much as possible to keep excitment for oSC13 high
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:34:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:34:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> i m happy you got a plan going :)
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:35:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> thanks :)
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:35:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK next topic
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:35:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">What tracks should we have at oSC13?</span>
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:36:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> In the past we had a community track and a technical track, plus a "whatever track"
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:36:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I believe that even if we pre-decide some tracks, we should leave space for submissions to form tracks and not limit people since the beginning
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:36:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think this has worked well and do not really see a need to change this
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">15:37:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> The tracks do not limit the submission, in the we as the comittee decide where talks fit in the best
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">15:37:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> I would suggest leaving those three as a starting point, since tracks can be fairly easily changed later
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">15:37:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> so we won't publish the tracks, we just keep them in mind ourselves ?
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">15:37:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> hmm
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">15:37:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> tracks encourage people to submit in certain areas, thus they are a guidance, not a mandate
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">15:38:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I think that posting some sugestions for tracks makes sense
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">15:38:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Exactly
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">15:38:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Nope, we want to publish the tracks in the CfP announcement
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">15:38:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> so we could say main tracks these 3 and see how it goes afterwards?
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">15:38:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> If I can speak about ten topics, having predefined tracks will help me to decide
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">15:38:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If we announce no tracks we are no likely to get submissions focused on what we are after
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">15:39:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> exactly the points of the tracks
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">15:39:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We want to guide the content of the conference, not dictate
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">15:39:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> well these 3 tracks cover pretty much everything that could be submitted
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">15:40:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> Yes, that's why we adde the "whatever" track a while back to give us room to accept talks about well, "whatever"
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">15:40:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ok, I basically agree with Matt, let's announce these 3 tracks and if we need to adapt we will do so later on
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">15:40:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thus we need a name for the "whatever" track
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">15:40:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> it might even be good marketing to announce a new track later
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">15:41:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If I recall correctly we called it "openWorld" or something like that for the summit
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">15:41:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> openWorld sounds good
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">15:41:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">15:42:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> I think this coud be to “general”
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">15:42:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> openworld sounds nice to me
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">15:42:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> If you say oppen world it means almost evrything
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">15:42:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> that's the point to be generic and include everything else except for strictly community and technical talks
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">15:42:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Henne had proposal to have distribution, infrastructure and project tracs
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">15:42:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> ideas how we should name the child?
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">15:43:42 </span><span class="nka">* |miska|</span> <span class="ac">was just searching in mailbox as he recalled some proposal for tracks</span>
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">15:43:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> Henne's proposal are more about organization of the schedule than tracks
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">15:43:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes I think so too
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">15:44:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and I like a lot henne's approach
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">15:44:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> besides distro and infra are generally technical stuff
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">15:44:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> distribution, infrastructure and bothe technical and would fall into the technical track
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">15:44:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we would just group the talks such that on one day all talks are bout infrastructure
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">15:44:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">15:45:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think that is a great idea, but we are not there yet.
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">15:45:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> After all we are just deciding on the tracks
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">15:45:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> so we all agree we would like to go for such coherence in the topics ?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">15:45:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> possibly, but this decision is pre-mature
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">15:45:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> lets stick with the topic at hand
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">15:45:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> lets name the "whatever" track
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">15:45:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Well, if we want to group them that way, we can as well say four tracks and use these three and whatever
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">15:46:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> miska your poing is to have: distro track, infra track, project/community track, "other things" track ?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">15:46:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> To give people better idea than technical
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">15:46:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> Again, Hene's proposals are not tracks, both distribution, infrastructure are technical
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">15:47:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> they're themes
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">15:47:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Well, they are topics
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">15:47:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> There will be a description that goes along with the track on the web and in the CfP anouncement
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">15:47:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> true Henne's proposal was not about tracks, but maybe we could form them into tracks, so as to motivate people to start thinking what they can present and what they can attend
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">15:47:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thus we are not going to just throw out "We are having a technical track"
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">15:48:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> It would say "The technical track covers......distribution, infrastructure....and we will group submissions such that infra and distro talks fall on one day respectively"
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">15:48:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> we also do not want too many tracks... so perpahs instead of "technical track" we could give a fancier name?
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">15:49:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Well, if we are going to say that we are going to have technical track that will consist from infrastructure part and distribution part, we can as well say that we will have infrastructure track and distribution track
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">15:49:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Anyway, those are details that we'll need to work out as we work on the CfP and the presentation of things on the web
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">15:49:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> That was the point I was trying to make
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">15:50:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> do we agree that we don't need too may tracks - let's say no more than 5 ?
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">15:50:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> But it makes little sense for use to run two "technical" tracks we do not want to dilute the audience
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">15:50:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> *many
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">15:50:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> No more than 4 tracks
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">15:50:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> it would though make sense if one day we only had technical track No1 and the next day technical track No 2
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">15:50:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> By definition events in different tracks run in parallel.
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">15:50:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> tracks doesn't have to run in paralel
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">15:51:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> that's true
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">15:51:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> Ok why just say send your proposals and the board just catgorize them in traks
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">15:51:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and we will have another 2 tracks to cover that parallel time
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">15:51:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I wouldn't go for more than two talks in paralel
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">15:51:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> And I strongly belive in the end we will have more than 3 categories
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">15:52:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> +1 miska
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">15:52:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If we are different from every other conference in the way we organize things then you can expect people to be confused and you can expect submissions to be "confused" as well
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">15:52:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> do we agree at least that one track will be community / project &amp; friends sth track ?
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">15:53:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">15:53:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The community track should cover governance issues, talks about ambassadors etc.
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">15:53:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">15:53:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes I think it will they are all about the community and the project
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">15:54:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;znggo&gt;</span> i need to head out now.  have fun!
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">15:54:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> maybe we can call it, Project &amp; Community Track
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">15:54:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> bye znggo thank you
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">15:54:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Tracks doesn't have to last whole conference, FOSDEM also one day tracks
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">15:54:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">znggo:</span> bye and thanks
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">15:54:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> Good name
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">15:55:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> :) how do others feel about that ?
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">15:55:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> I like the name
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">15:55:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> but I think that the technical part must be here to
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">15:55:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> +1 Project &amp; Community Track
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">15:55:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> well the idea is to have a non technical track
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">15:56:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> which will focus on community issues
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">15:56:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> (other than community issues with technical stuff that is)
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">15:56:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> Correct, a track does not have to run the whole conference, however....
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">15:56:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> yes of course
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">15:56:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> it is difficult to channel things exactly by days
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">15:57:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aplanas:</span>  we will have people that want to go to community tracks (that are not technical ones) so I think this is a good way to separate things for these people
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">15:57:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if you have a broader "technical" track and then group within that gives us mor flexibility when it comes to scheduling
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">15:58:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> what about announcing categories instead of naming tracks in the cfp announcement?
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">15:58:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, that is an argument I understand and agree on
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">15:58:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> that way we give the guidelines to people in order for us to ge tthe proposals we want
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">15:58:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if you have a track, distribution" for example and  we have enough talks for 1 &amp; 1/2 days and we have infra that runs in parallel at teh time because of the amount of talks we have, then we do ourselves a disservice in diluting the audience
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">15:58:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> but we are totally flexible to make the tracks we want at the end based on actual submissions and announcing exact track names later on will be a nice promo thingie
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">15:59:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, lets step back for a moment
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">15:59:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> Desiding the structure of the program right now ??? it's to early because there are no speaches yet!
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">15:59:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> Like the idea
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">16:00:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Again, the tracks are guidelines for people that submit talks to think about topics when they submit
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">16:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> Just say that we are oppen in speachess. And let the people to deside wat to send.
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">16:00:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> And if we give them just topics and form tracks based on what they will give us
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">16:00:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ok, I agree we need to "push" people towards directions of what to submit
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">16:01:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> In the CfP we should give general outlines of what type of talks we expect in each "track" or call it "category"
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">16:01:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> get people thinking
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">16:01:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> With a small meno as a discription
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">16:01:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> Again, if we step outside of the "norm" for this then we are likely to step of the edge
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">16:01:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I agree to call 3 categories in CFP (technical stuff, community stuff, other stuff)
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">16:02:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> Then we can categorise them in many tracks
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">16:02:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> There is a general way these things are handled across most conferences in the technical realm.
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">16:02:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thus people have certain expectations.
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">16:02:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I saw many conferences that had just topics and formed tracks later
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">16:03:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If you break those expectations people may not act, i.e. no submissions, be confused
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">16:03:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> And having topics instead of tracks wouldn't confused anybody
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">16:03:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> OK, apparently we are getting hung up on a word.
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">16:04:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> track - talks with similar topic that run one after each other in same room
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">16:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> Ok but, if few people aplie in 1 category what will happen???
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">16:04:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> topic - idea what to talk about, may be sheduled in paralel, but probably not
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">16:05:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">nloukidis:</span> that's not a realistic problem, specially between technical stuff and community stuff
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">16:05:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> Thus, if we talk about a "technical track" at this point === "technical topic"
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">16:05:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">16:05:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> Idea make speaches and categorised them in levels....
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">16:05:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we are still in the very abstract planning phase
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">16:05:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I would still go with announcing tha tpeople can submit their talks into 3 categories (technical stuff, community stuff, other stuff) and that we later on shape real tracks and announce them with the program
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">16:06:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> Yes, but we cannot just say stuff, we have "Project &amp; Community"
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">16:07:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> This can be easily described in a CfP
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">16:07:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We can use "technical" or other name
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">16:07:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> Well, the argument against using topics that Henne proposed was that if we would call it tracks, we will be too tight in scheduling
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">16:07:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> that we can also relatively easily describe in Cfp
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">16:07:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> we can say submit talks related to technical issues or community issues. If they don't fall into these 2 categories, they go in "General". I would like to keep the fancy track names for later on (maybe even midle submission time)
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">16:08:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Can we just stick to the naming please?
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">16:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Why are we agruing about where what goes when we have not yet had one submission?
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">16:09:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> not really what goes where, just how we will present that to people so that it builds up excitement (as you mentioned before)
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">16:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> track project and friends for community stuff, I agree
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">16:10:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> track openworld for other stuf, I also agree
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">16:11:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> Distribution track for the technical one?
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">16:11:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I will write up a draft CfP and we can then argue some more about the wording, which we are doing already IMHO,
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">16:11:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">16:11:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aplanas:</span> Distribution is to narrow, it leaves out awhole bunch of related topics
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">16:12:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> true
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">16:12:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> true
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">16:12:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> And the only thing left is technical stuff and I would prefer to have both topics we want to concentrate as different topics, while you are saying that it should be one and just stressed
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">16:12:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Distribution would set the focus on the product, but what about OBS, infrastrcuture etc
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">16:12:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> obs is infra
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">16:12:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> yes, OBs is infra but infra is more than OBS
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">16:13:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">16:13:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We could call it "Geeko track"
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">16:13:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ok so we do not agree on how many technical tracks we will have, if more than one and how to name them
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">16:14:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> cool names are hard: Mechanical Track ?
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">16:14:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and I like geeko track ver ymuch :D
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">16:14:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> in the end the technical stuff is suppossed to be focused around openSUSE technology
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">16:14:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> I like Geeko
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">16:15:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, I think we generally agree except some wording and number of checkboxes in CfP
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">16:15:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> but maybe "geek track" makes me think of community more than infra/distro/etc
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">16:15:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> heh yes miska
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">16:15:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> And the name is..........GEEKO
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">16:15:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> yuhuu
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">16:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> next item
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">16:15:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we will announce 3 "tracks" in CfP (wording in CfP to be decided)</span>
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">16:16:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Project &amp; Community track</span>
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">16:16:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Geeko track (technical)</span>
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">16:16:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">openWorld (general)</span>
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">16:17:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">robjo to write proposal for CfP and send to group for input</span>
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">16:17:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> This work for everyone?
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">16:17:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">16:17:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes, robjo I guess you will write it on gdocs or etherpad or sth
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">16:17:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> so that we can all see and edit?
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">16:17:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> ok for me
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">16:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> yes
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">16:18:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> perfect
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">16:18:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK next topic then?
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">16:18:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">16:18:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Dates</span>
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">16:19:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I sent a proposal via e-mail, here is a short summary:
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">16:19:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - schedule announcement June 25, 2013
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">16:19:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - notify speakers June 3, 2013
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">16:19:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - close talk submission May 13, 2013
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">16:19:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - open talk submissions February 18, 2013
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">16:20:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> CfP a few days before talk submission opening
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">16:20:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> What do people think about this?
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">16:20:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I first want to talk about what miska said about fosdem promo
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">16:20:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> or maybe miska wants to present this again
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">16:20:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> Fosdem dates 2&amp;3 February
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">16:21:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> The open and the close 15 days erlier so we will have plenty of time...
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">16:21:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> do you think it will be nice to have a CFP out (and open submissions) during fosdem so that we can further promote the event &amp; CFP during fosdem ?
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">16:21:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think we can promote without having CFP out
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">16:22:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> well that we will do anyway :)
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">16:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> open talk submissions February 1, 2013
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">16:22:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think at FOSDEM promotion should be focused on the event, i.e. the conference and not so much the details
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">16:22:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> close talk submission May 1, 2013
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">16:23:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Well, the idea was, that on FOSDEM we can persuade some interesting people to submit talks
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">16:23:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I am fine with moving the dates, but consider that in reality we are not going to get much done next week
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">16:23:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Meaning non-openSUSE people
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">16:24:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> next week... true. It really depends a lot of setting up the submissions system in time. But it is doable
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">16:24:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> and we have a boatload of work to get done before CfP
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">16:24:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Not sure if it will work out
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">16:24:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> Do you think we should try? and if we are not ready on time, then ok, we will go for mid February
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">16:24:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> And yes, there is a lot of work to be done by then
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">16:24:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thus if you open submission Feb. 1 everything would have to be ready in 3 weeks
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">16:25:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we need to not plan on being ready the day before, but rather a week before
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">16:25:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I hate firedrills
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">16:25:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes i agree with robjo
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">16:25:35 </span><span class="nka">* |miska|</span> <span class="ac">as well</span>
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">16:25:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Also consider that in Nuremberg many people are off the first week of January
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">16:26:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> This comes into play when we need infrastructure stuff done.
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">16:26:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> Matt will also be away 21-29 Jan
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">16:26:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Therefore for a Feb 1 opening we would really be looking at 2 weeks or 1 1/2 week
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">16:26:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> plus considering Matt's schedule
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">16:26:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> But he thought that he might get it set up before that
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">16:27:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Therefore I just do not see a Feb 1 date as realistic
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">16:27:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes that's right
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">16:27:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> Might is not good enough for me, sorry
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">16:27:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> well we can never be sure before we actuallly see the system running :)
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">16:27:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If we announce and we're not ready we look like idiots
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">16:27:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I would say, we can decide whether we can make it or not during January
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">16:28:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> from today it is one month until Matt's holiday
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">16:28:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> Ah, I don't think we should announce CFP before the system is ready!
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">16:28:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> But if the system is up &amp; running by 20 Jan
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">16:28:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If we prepare the CfP we can send it out any time and dates in the CfP can be changes easily
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">16:28:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I totaly agree with that
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">16:28:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> we can announce 20-25 Jan CFP and open submissions on 1 Feb
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">16:28:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I would rather plan it safe and if we happen to beat the date then that's grate
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">16:29:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> s/grate/great/
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">16:29:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I would say, we can decide based on state of things around mid January
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">16:29:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> so we try for 1 Feb but we absolutely make it happen by 18th Feb (or even 11th Feb as far as I am concerned) ?
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">16:30:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> there already is a conf meeting in january so we can see where we stand then
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">16:31:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> (14 Jan being the date of conf meeting scheduled)
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">16:31:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Yes and as it's just week or two difference, in doesn't matter that much in overall schedule if CfP will be open for two more weeks or not
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">16:31:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think more important than the dates is the time frame for getting stuff done
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">16:31:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Mondays are "bad announcement" days if I recall correctly
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">16:31:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> news team could help with that
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">16:31:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I agree we need to pay attention to the days we launch the important announcements
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">16:32:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Yes, we need to let "marketing/news" handle the "announcement to the world"
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">16:32:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We as a team can just focus on getting this ready and sed to @o.o lists
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">16:33:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> outside of that it is someone elses job ;)
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">16:33:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> Middle of the week, Wed Thur are the best
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">16:33:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">16:33:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> if monday is a "bad day" we can send our final announcements to news team on monday
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">16:33:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and they can put them into the schedule for actual announcement later in the week
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">16:34:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> but we probably should inform them about our rough dates in advance so that they handle the other important announcements
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">16:34:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> Give the work to the marketing people...:)
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">16:34:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thus, do we agree on 12 week submission period, 3 weeks for use to read all the abstracts and create a preliminary schedule, 3 weeks for speaker notification and schedule finalization?
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">16:34:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I still believe that we need to have a program 2-2.5 months before the event
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">16:34:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> inevitably this means less time for submissions
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">16:34:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and I don't have any problem with having less time for submissions, 3 months is too much time
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">16:35:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I am afraid that people will see the announcement, they will think they have 3 months tos end proposal and then forget about it
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">16:35:12 </span><span class="nka">* |miska|</span> <span class="ac">agrees with differentreality</span>
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">16:35:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> 10 weeks is better?
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">16:36:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I think a program around 15th May is realistically doable
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">16:36:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> That would imply that CfP close at the beginning of aApril
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">16:36:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> late april I think
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">16:36:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> s/aApril/April/
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">16:36:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> around 20ish April perhaps ?
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">16:36:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> Then you will not get you 2 -2.5 month prior to conf with the final schedule
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">16:37:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> It is not realistic to have less than 6 weeks for reading all abstracts, creating a preliminary schedule and following up with all the speakers
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">16:37:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> program at 15 May is 2 months and a bit until 20 july
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">16:38:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> May 15 - 6 weeks is beginning of April ;)
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">16:38:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> then let's make open before mid Febuary, close before mid
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">16:38:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> April
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">16:39:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> give 1.5 month for submissions?
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">16:40:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> Maby a litle more.
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">16:40:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> 6 weeks for submission appears very short to me.
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">16:40:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> for me the most important issue is the day of final program launch
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">16:40:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I think it's more than enough
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">16:40:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I insist we need 2months ++ before the event
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">16:41:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> And might still make it before the FOSDEM
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">16:41:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes if we go 1 Feb
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">16:41:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> we can give 2 full months for submissions easily
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">16:41:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> I agree with Stella.
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">16:41:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> fine, but we also have to be realistic about things
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">16:41:38 </span><span class="nka">* |miska|</span> <span class="ac">as well</span>
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">16:41:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> depending, for an abstract 6 weeks is enough but for detailed papers ... not so
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">16:42:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aplanas:</span> This is not scientific conference :-D
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">16:42:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ah, that's a good point. Do we really need deatiled papers before program ?
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">16:42:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">16:42:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> No papers, just talks
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">16:42:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> actual presentations anyway
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">16:42:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> yes, just abstracts before close of CfP
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">16:42:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">16:42:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">16:42:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aplanas&gt;</span> so 6 weeks is reasolable
<a name="l-413"></a><span class="tm">16:42:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> btw I think we should be flexible +10 days for possible needed extension of submission period
<a name="l-414"></a><span class="tm">16:43:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> sometimes this works not just if you don't have submissions. you might have plenty but you know some important people have not yet submitted
<a name="l-415"></a><span class="tm">16:43:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nloukidis&gt;</span> 6 weaks it's more tha enouf time to prepeare
<a name="l-416"></a><span class="tm">16:44:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> It is not about the time to prepare, it is about the time given to people to get their but in gear
<a name="l-417"></a><span class="tm">16:44:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I think (and hope) that people already have somewhere in the back of their mind the fact that on July we have the conf and what they would like to present
<a name="l-418"></a><span class="tm">16:44:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The shorter you make the time the fewer submission you will get
<a name="l-419"></a><span class="tm">16:44:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> and then you are going to run after people, that just doesn't make sense to me, sorry
<a name="l-420"></a><span class="tm">16:44:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> You'll get most of them last day anyway :-D
<a name="l-421"></a><span class="tm">16:45:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> following that theory CfP would only need to be 1 week long, this is flawed
<a name="l-422"></a><span class="tm">16:45:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> what if we go, open 1 Feb, finis 31 March, extend to 10 April ?
<a name="l-423"></a><span class="tm">16:45:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Lets not plan on the extension stuff.
<a name="l-424"></a><span class="tm">16:46:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Lets have a close date and be done
<a name="l-425"></a><span class="tm">16:46:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> you disagree that we might want to extend for the reasons I mentioned above ?
<a name="l-426"></a><span class="tm">16:46:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If someone approaches after the close date and we have room on the schedule we'll take it. If not too bad.
<a name="l-427"></a><span class="tm">16:46:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ok so we are flexible for 2-3 days after
<a name="l-428"></a><span class="tm">16:46:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ok fair enough
<a name="l-429"></a><span class="tm">16:47:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I agree to have a a time to be able to do the extension, but deffinitelly not announce it
<a name="l-430"></a><span class="tm">16:47:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Yes, whenever I see a "but the CfP has been extended" announcement I immediately think, there are not enough papers the conf is going to be "crap"
<a name="l-431"></a><span class="tm">16:47:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-432"></a><span class="tm">16:47:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ok agreed
<a name="l-433"></a><span class="tm">16:48:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> even though that's not true sometimes
<a name="l-434"></a><span class="tm">16:48:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> it could bring that idea to people
<a name="l-435"></a><span class="tm">16:48:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> so no announced extension agreed ?
<a name="l-436"></a><span class="tm">16:48:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> As long as there is room on the schedule we can be flexible up to the very last day
<a name="l-437"></a><span class="tm">16:48:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Whenever I see it I think yes, I can submit the talk to the conference although I forgot about the deadline
<a name="l-438"></a><span class="tm">16:48:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Yes, no announced extension
<a name="l-439"></a><span class="tm">16:48:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> we can close 8 April (monday), 2-3 days are in the middle of week so we might get some fancy talks and we have later the weekend to further look into the proposals
<a name="l-440"></a><span class="tm">16:48:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I do not want to turn down talks unless we absolutely have to
<a name="l-441"></a><span class="tm">16:49:20 </span><span class="nka">* aplanas</span> <span class="ac">have to part. Ill read the minutes and conclusions</span>
<a name="l-442"></a><span class="tm">16:49:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> well no reason to turn down talks as long as they are valid talks/workshops and fit into the program
<a name="l-443"></a><span class="tm">16:50:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Again, if someone shows up at the end of May and they promises to be there and talk, and the abstract fits well, and we have room on the schedule why turn them away
<a name="l-444"></a><span class="tm">16:50:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes I agree
<a name="l-445"></a><span class="tm">16:50:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We just do not want to do this for everyone, thus the deadline for CfP
<a name="l-446"></a><span class="tm">16:50:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> exactly and the goal is to have some fancy talks /workshops lined up
<a name="l-447"></a><span class="tm">16:51:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> so that we have a nice attractive program
<a name="l-448"></a><span class="tm">16:51:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Ok, lets look at the calendar again
<a name="l-449"></a><span class="tm">16:51:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Conf begins Jul 18
<a name="l-450"></a><span class="tm">16:51:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - 2 month =&gt; May 18
<a name="l-451"></a><span class="tm">16:52:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - 6 weeks =&gt; April 6 (processing time)
<a name="l-452"></a><span class="tm">16:52:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> (May 18 Saturday, probably announce may 15 depending on news team advice)
<a name="l-453"></a><span class="tm">16:52:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Lets not worry about the days of week
<a name="l-454"></a><span class="tm">16:52:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> just see if ithings work out roughly
<a name="l-455"></a><span class="tm">16:53:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Therefore CfP period would be ~ 8 weeks if we start Feb 13
<a name="l-456"></a><span class="tm">16:54:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> that sounds about right
<a name="l-457"></a><span class="tm">16:54:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> again, we can start earlier if we can get things set up on time
<a name="l-458"></a><span class="tm">16:54:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> how do you feel about this planning ?
<a name="l-459"></a><span class="tm">16:54:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I would rather plan for a longer CfP period and take one week at the beginning of the schedule, and 1 week at the end
<a name="l-460"></a><span class="tm">16:55:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thus final schedule would be last week of May instead of mid May
<a name="l-461"></a><span class="tm">16:55:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I wouldn't want to announce program any later than this. But I am ok to work harder to open submissions 1 week earlier in Feb
<a name="l-462"></a><span class="tm">16:56:17 </span><span class="nka">* |miska|</span> <span class="ac">agrees with differentreality</span>
<a name="l-463"></a><span class="tm">16:56:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Just as something to consider.
<a name="l-464"></a><span class="tm">16:56:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ideally in fact I want program announce a couple of days earlier so that people have an extra weekend to make travelling plans :)
<a name="l-465"></a><span class="tm">16:57:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> For those traveling from far away (me for example) the fares to get to Greece are pretty much the same whether I book * weeks in advance or 6 weeks in advance
<a name="l-466"></a><span class="tm">16:57:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> s/*/8/
<a name="l-467"></a><span class="tm">16:58:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> It is much more important that we get accommodations lined up and announced.
<a name="l-468"></a><span class="tm">16:58:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> People can book and cancel
<a name="l-469"></a><span class="tm">16:59:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> for example, this year at oSC, by the time the hotels were announced I had made my arrangements already, because the announcement came "too late"
<a name="l-470"></a><span class="tm">16:59:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> the thing is that people need to arrange/plan and that takes some time. If they only have 8 weeks, they spend 2 planning, almost 1 month before during July getting tickets for Greece is highly diffficult (in a reasonable price always, let alone taking advantage of some offer)
<a name="l-471"></a><span class="tm">16:59:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> the goal is to announce accommodation options soon enough as well
<a name="l-472"></a><span class="tm">17:00:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> however this is a task we will look into in January
<a name="l-473"></a><span class="tm">17:00:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> we already know roughly what we want to do with hotels from past conferences in Thessaloniki
<a name="l-474"></a><span class="tm">17:00:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> yes, but. I doubt that the final program has much bearing on people's decision on whether to go or not.
<a name="l-475"></a><span class="tm">17:00:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Maybe for 10 or 20 percent
<a name="l-476"></a><span class="tm">17:00:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> but the majority of people have probably already decided whether they are going to oSC13 or not
<a name="l-477"></a><span class="tm">17:01:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> dunno about that, I wouldn't have decided that before I saw some info on the website about where I am going and what I roughly doing (for example see categories of talks announced in cfp)
<a name="l-478"></a><span class="tm">17:02:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> So the where question is the Location =&gt; already announced, and the accommodation (not our job)
<a name="l-479"></a><span class="tm">17:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The what question is really mostly the CfP, and yes partially the final program
<a name="l-480"></a><span class="tm">17:03:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> by where I mean extra info, not just name of city, but anyway
<a name="l-481"></a><span class="tm">17:03:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I really insist we need minimum 4 weeks, ideally 6 full weeks before the conf for program announcement
<a name="l-482"></a><span class="tm">17:03:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Therefore I do not believe an announcement at the end of May vs. the middle of May will have a bearing on the attendance
<a name="l-483"></a><span class="tm">17:03:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> at least unless sth terrible happens within submission period
<a name="l-484"></a><span class="tm">17:03:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> 6 weeks is different than 8
<a name="l-485"></a><span class="tm">17:03:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> And program decides whether you are ok with booking flight at 5 or you have to go for 8
<a name="l-486"></a><span class="tm">17:04:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> sorry bad typing. damn
<a name="l-487"></a><span class="tm">17:04:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> 8 weeks min, 10 weeks ideally (2-2.5 months anyway)
<a name="l-488"></a><span class="tm">17:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> With end of May we would be at 7, which is what I was gunning for ;)
<a name="l-489"></a><span class="tm">17:05:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> the question is, this 10-20% you say will make a decision upon program
<a name="l-490"></a><span class="tm">17:05:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> do we want to lose it?
<a name="l-491"></a><span class="tm">17:06:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> it's hard to book for greece for july 1 month before
<a name="l-492"></a><span class="tm">17:06:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> planes will probably be full by then
<a name="l-493"></a><span class="tm">17:06:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> No, but what I am saying their cost will not be that mauch different between booking on May 15 or May 22nd
<a name="l-494"></a><span class="tm">17:07:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Well if you consider the plane load we'd probably all have to book in January ;)
<a name="l-495"></a><span class="tm">17:07:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> an announcemen ton 22nd May means they will book beginning of June, which is a bad plan when travelling to greece during summer
<a name="l-496"></a><span class="tm">17:07:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I am not certain there is a good plan to travel to Greece in July, sorry
<a name="l-497"></a><span class="tm">17:07:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> So sooner the better
<a name="l-498"></a><span class="tm">17:08:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> this rule always apply
<a name="l-499"></a><span class="tm">17:08:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> And 6 weeks CfP is long enough
<a name="l-500"></a><span class="tm">17:08:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Anyway, people that are on the fence will hopefully plan ahead, such that they can just "push the button" and book when announced and not start the planing process
<a name="l-501"></a><span class="tm">17:08:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Whatever
<a name="l-502"></a><span class="tm">17:08:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and greece might be a hot destination for summertime but still it is a hot destination. Let's make the most out of the conf dates
<a name="l-503"></a><span class="tm">17:09:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> So mid May?
<a name="l-504"></a><span class="tm">17:09:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Lets nail final announcement to May 15 then
<a name="l-505"></a><span class="tm">17:09:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> 1.5 month for submissions is quite enough I would agree
<a name="l-506"></a><span class="tm">17:09:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> agree
<a name="l-507"></a><span class="tm">17:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Great!
<a name="l-508"></a><span class="tm">17:10:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> 6 weeks for schedule creation, speaker notification etc.
<a name="l-509"></a><span class="tm">17:10:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> That puts CfP close to April 3rd
<a name="l-510"></a><span class="tm">17:10:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-511"></a><span class="tm">17:11:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> brb in a min
<a name="l-512"></a><span class="tm">17:11:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> And then we go with CfP open no later than Feb 13
<a name="l-513"></a><span class="tm">17:11:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> preferably earlier, but that will depend on when we can get the tool working and the CfP text ready
<a name="l-514"></a><span class="tm">17:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-515"></a><span class="tm">17:12:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> And CfP announce no later than Feb 6
<a name="l-516"></a><span class="tm">17:13:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> sounds good to me
<a name="l-517"></a><span class="tm">17:13:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Than we can have to announcements, one "pre announcement", and one on the day we openCfP
<a name="l-518"></a><span class="tm">17:13:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> that's right
<a name="l-519"></a><span class="tm">17:13:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK
<a name="l-520"></a><span class="tm">17:13:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I will add these target dates to the wiki
<a name="l-521"></a><span class="tm">17:13:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> That's the end of the agenda
<a name="l-522"></a><span class="tm">17:13:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Yeah
<a name="l-523"></a><span class="tm">17:14:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> awesome and thanks for putting them up in wiki :)
<a name="l-524"></a><span class="tm">17:14:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> so we are done? :D
<a name="l-525"></a><span class="tm">17:14:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We should meet in early January and talk about Keynotes
<a name="l-526"></a><span class="tm">17:14:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Yes, we are done for today
<a name="l-527"></a><span class="tm">17:14:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> do you think that keynotes could go into the agenda for conf meetin on 14 Jan ?
<a name="l-528"></a><span class="tm">17:14:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> For keynotes we need to think about the topic we want and then find a speaker
<a name="l-529"></a><span class="tm">17:15:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and perhaps we can have our own meeting a couple of days after?
<a name="l-530"></a><span class="tm">17:15:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> community could pitch us some ideas on that
<a name="l-531"></a><span class="tm">17:15:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Yes, the keynote should be in the conf meeting.
<a name="l-532"></a><span class="tm">17:16:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The orga group needs to decide whether they will leave the keynot organization to this group or handle it separately from the program
<a name="l-533"></a><span class="tm">17:16:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> or a combination of us with sb else at least
<a name="l-534"></a><span class="tm">17:16:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Personally I would prefer not having to find and run after a keynote speaker ;)
<a name="l-535"></a><span class="tm">17:17:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> so 1 thing if program committee chooses keynote, 2nd thing proposals for keynotes from the community
<a name="l-536"></a><span class="tm">17:17:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thus if the orga team would decide to handle the keynote outside of the program team I would not be disappointed ;)
<a name="l-537"></a><span class="tm">17:17:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ok so we prefer to delegate keynote
<a name="l-538"></a><span class="tm">17:17:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> yes, very much
<a name="l-539"></a><span class="tm">17:17:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> alright (I *think* kostas would like to deal with that)
<a name="l-540"></a><span class="tm">17:18:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> but we put it up in the agenda and discuss it on the conf meeting
<a name="l-541"></a><span class="tm">17:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we have more than enough to do and running after a keynote speaker is very time consuming
<a name="l-542"></a><span class="tm">17:18:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> you have a point on that
<a name="l-543"></a><span class="tm">17:18:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> yes, please make certain it is on the agenda for the 14th
<a name="l-544"></a><span class="tm">17:18:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> noted, I will
<a name="l-545"></a><span class="tm">17:19:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">keynote speaker issue to be discussed in Jan 14 conf meeting</span>
<a name="l-546"></a><span class="tm">17:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Done for today, I will handle the minutes in some way since we had issues with bugbot. We;ll do better next time
<a name="l-547"></a><span class="tm">17:19:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> for sure :)
<a name="l-548"></a><span class="tm">17:20:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thanks everyone for attending.
<a name="l-549"></a><span class="tm">17:20:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I assume we will create a meeting page in wiki ?
<a name="l-550"></a><span class="tm">17:20:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
