<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by vuntz at 17:01:05 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Update on inactive mailing lists</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-20'>vuntz</a>, 17:04:19)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">not done yet, mostly due to lack of time</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-29'>vuntz</a>,
    17:06:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">henne will likely be the one dealing with
    this</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-34'>vuntz</a>,
    17:08:07)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Update on admin@o.o reactiveness</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-38'>vuntz</a>, 17:09:39)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">suggestion to create a backup admin for mailing
    list, so that previous topic can be dealt with faster</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-39'>vuntz</a>,
    17:10:05)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">some discussion about admin@ was summarized by
    christian:
    http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-project/2012-11/msg00033.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-40'>vuntz</a>,
    17:10:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">someone might step up soon to help with
    planet.o.o administration</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-56'>vuntz</a>,
    17:17:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">helping with ML might be possible only from
    SUSE people at the moment (due to access restrictions)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-60'>vuntz</a>,
    17:18:41)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">darix to ask
    henne about getting someone else to help with administrating the
    mailing lists</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-74'>vuntz</a>,
    17:25:25)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/openSUSE/wiki">https://github.com/openSUSE/wiki</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-85'>digitltom</a>,
    17:29:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">status of wiki update: an attempt to update to
    1.19 was in git, but it didn't work, so everything went back to
    1.17. The git branch (repo: https://github.com/openSUSE/wiki) also
    got force-pushed :/</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-93'>vuntz</a>,
    17:32:02)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">cboltz to ask
    scott about status of wiki update</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-100'>vuntz</a>,
    17:33:31)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Update on GCI (Google Code-In)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-105'>vuntz</a>, 17:34:36)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">we're not participating this year</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-114'>vuntz</a>,
    17:37:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">list of selected organizations:
    http://google-opensource.blogspot.fr/2012/11/mentoring-organizations-for-google-code.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-115'>vuntz</a>,
    17:38:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">we did a bad job at creating a list of ideas
    for students since we didn't have any ideas :/</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-116'>vuntz</a>,
    17:38:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">next time, we will need to evaluate if there's
    interest for mentoring students in GCI, so we can know if it's worth
    applying</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-137'>vuntz</a>,
    17:45:47)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status of Board elections</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-139'>vuntz</a>, 17:46:33)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">elections fully documented at
    http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Board_election</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-146'>vuntz</a>,
    17:49:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">already two candidates</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-147'>vuntz</a>,
    17:49:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">people can apply to run, or nominate a
    candidate until November 27th</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-149'>vuntz</a>,
    17:50:25)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting chair</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-164'>vuntz</a>, 17:58:00)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://en.opensuse.org/Portal:Meetings">http://en.opensuse.org/Portal:Meetings</a>
    has some info on how to use bugbot <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-177'>vuntz</a>,
    18:03:12)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vuntz to find
    a replacement chair in case he can't make it for next meeting</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-180'>vuntz</a>,
    18:03:48)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vuntz to
    write some short doc on what chairing involves, and how to do
    it</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-181'>vuntz</a>,
    18:04:02)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Q&amp;A</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-197'>vuntz</a>, 18:06:42)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">hendersj asking about handling op privs on
    #opensuse-forums; nobody present knows, but darix or ircops@o.o
    should know</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-220'>vuntz</a>,
    18:13:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">anditosan raises the topic of having a paid
    designer (from SUSE) to work on openSUSE; vuntz will chat with
    toscalix to see if there's a possibility for this</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-232'>vuntz</a>,
    18:16:28)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vuntz to talk
    to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html#l-233'>vuntz</a>,
    18:16:43)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:18:06 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>darix to ask henne about getting someone else to help with administrating the mailing lists</li>
  <li>cboltz to ask scott about status of wiki update</li>
  <li>vuntz to find a replacement chair in case he can't make it for next meeting</li>
  <li>vuntz to write some short doc on what chairing involves, and how to do it</li>
  <li>vuntz to talk to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> cboltz <ol>
    <li>cboltz to ask scott about status of wiki update</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> darix <ol>
    <li>darix to ask henne about getting someone else to help with administrating the mailing lists</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> vuntz <ol>
    <li>vuntz to find a replacement chair in case he can't make it for next meeting</li>
    <li>vuntz to write some short doc on what chairing involves, and how to do it</li>
    <li>vuntz to talk to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>vuntz (141)</li>
  <li>cboltz (25)</li>
  <li>tigerfoot (20)</li>
  <li>hendersj (15)</li>
  <li>darix (14)</li>
  <li>anditosan (10)</li>
  <li>digitltom (9)</li>
  <li>bugbot (5)</li>
  <li>nmarques (2)</li>
  <li>lnussel (1)</li>
  <li>malcolmlewis (1)</li>
  <li>}ls{ (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
