<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by robjo at 15:06:16 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">oSC13 Program Comittee meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-4'>robjo</a>, 15:06:30)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">present: Alberto (aplanas), Matt (znggo),
    Michal (miska), Stella (differentreality), Robert (robjo)</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-5'>robjo</a>,
    15:07:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">missing Henne (henne), Luiz</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-6'>robjo</a>,
    15:07:51)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">oSC13 Program Comittee meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-18'>robjo</a>, 15:11:06)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">present: Alberto (aplanas), Matt (znggo),
    Michal (miska), Stella (differentreality), Robert (robjo)</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-19'>robjo</a>,
    15:11:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">missing Henne (henne), Luiz</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-20'>robjo</a>,
    15:11:16)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">What tool should we use</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-57'>robjo</a>, 15:17:54)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Matt to setup
    pentabarf and OpenConferenceWare and decide by 12/27 which tool we
    will use</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-97'>robjo</a>,
    15:29:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Tool must support user registration, talk
    submission, schedule creation and schedule export</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-106'>robjo</a>,
    15:30:57)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">What tracks should we have at oSC13?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-127'>robjo</a>, 15:35:31)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">we will announce 3 "tracks" in CfP (wording in
    CfP to be decided)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-290'>robjo</a>,
    16:15:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Project &amp; Community track</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-291'>robjo</a>,
    16:16:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Geeko track (technical)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-292'>robjo</a>,
    16:16:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">openWorld (general)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-293'>robjo</a>,
    16:16:39)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">robjo to
    write proposal for CfP and send to group for input</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-294'>robjo</a>,
    16:17:07)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Dates</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-304'>robjo</a>, 16:18:57)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">keynote
    speaker issue to be discussed in Jan 14 conf meeting</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html#l-545'>robjo</a>,
    17:19:05)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 17:20:06 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-12-20-15.06.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Matt to setup pentabarf and OpenConferenceWare and decide by 12/27 which tool we will use</li>
  <li>robjo to write proposal for CfP and send to group for input</li>
  <li>keynote speaker issue to be discussed in Jan 14 conf meeting</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> robjo <ol>
    <li>robjo to write proposal for CfP and send to group for input</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>Matt to setup pentabarf and OpenConferenceWare and decide by 12/27 which tool we will use</li>
    <li>keynote speaker issue to be discussed in Jan 14 conf meeting</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>robjo (234)</li>
  <li>differentreality (174)</li>
  <li>|miska| (70)</li>
  <li>aplanas (23)</li>
  <li>nloukidis (22)</li>
  <li>znggo (18)</li>
  <li>AJaeger (6)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
  <li>darix (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
