<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jan 25 18:06:40 2012 UTC.  The chair is mrdocs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:07:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chairs </span><span class="cmdline">FunkyPenguin AlanClark henne wstephenson</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">FunkyPenguin AlanClark henne wstephenson</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AlanClark FunkyPenguin henne mrdocs wstephenson
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:07:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> seems you're missing one more chair  :-)
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:08:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">FunkyPenguin AlanClark henne wstephenson yaloki</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:08:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AlanClark FunkyPenguin henne mrdocs wstephenson yaloki
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> all yours
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:08:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> grassy arse :)
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:09:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> ok, hear yea hear yea - this here meeting is called to order
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:09:22 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">rises</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:09:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agenda </span><span class="cmdline">1. openSUSE North America Event</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:10:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> How about I start off the discussion on this topic?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:10:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> AlanClark, certainly
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:11:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE North America Event</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:11:12 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">sits</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:11:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> SUSE just announced SUSECon
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:12:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> to be held in Orlando on Sept 18-21
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:12:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> They have reserved the conference facilities for the week
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:13:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> including the dates of Sept 21-23
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:13:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> They are offering the 21-23 to the openSUSE community  for us to hold an event
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:14:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> To clarify,  this means SUSE + openSUSE is not combined, but rather "co-located" on separate days?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:14:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We as a community need to decide what we would like to do with facility.
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:14:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> correct.  The SUSE and openSUSE events are not combined
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:15:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:15:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so we get Friday-Sunday.   Not bad deal
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:15:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> if we as a a community take the offer up, will SUSE provide any advertisement during their event?
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:15:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> This is a great opportunity for our community.  Several members have been asking for a small event in North America
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:16:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> In fact this started from some Ambassadors and community members discussing it at Brainshare last fall.
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:16:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> SUSE listened and is offering us the venue.
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> back
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The biggest question of all is what kind of funding can we assume for this event?   Especially as it is close to the main oSC event and thus budget-competitive
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:17:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Why are there no alarms on our calender....grmbl I'm late
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:17:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I see this as a great opportunity to fly in folks from Central America, Mexico and Canada,  not just focused on US.   But again, money is a first question before all else.
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:17:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Goal of the todays discussion is to identify those willing to lead this effort, to create a communication channel, provide detail needed to scope the event properly and to provide a pointer where questions, concerns and issues can be categorized as part of the planning.
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:17:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   I'd be very happy to step up to do that, and would look forward to others joining in so its not a one-man show  :-)
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:18:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> great!
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:18:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks suseROCKs - several others have also stated they would like to help
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   and those that responded as such on the ML I added their names already to the openSUSE Events Calendar wiki page  :-)
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:19:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> it would also be a good idea to appeal for new contributors who are in florida to join just for this event
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:19:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wstephenson,   that's the purpose  :-)
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:19:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> for communicating - It has been suggested that we use the opensuse-conference mailing list as a communication channel
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> +1
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:19:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   I wonder if that's a good idea.   That's not an open list  and as we get closer to oSC it will become convoluted
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:20:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> +1 suseROCKs
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:20:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> not another list please
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:20:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> +1 robjo
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:20:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I thought that was an open list- so let's not
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:20:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no  i think it should be talked about openly on the ambassador or marketing list.
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:20:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> need to find something in the midle :D
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:20:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> This is more a marketing event than a straight-forward tech event imo
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:21:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Ok - I'd propose that we use the marketing list.
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:21:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I think the event will be whatever we make.
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:21:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we want to talk visibly and publicly about it so that others might get a whiff and say  "Hey I'm going!"  :-)
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:21:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> +1 AlanClark suseROCKs
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:21:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> scoping already?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:21:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   so let's put it on either marketing or even project
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:22:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wstephenson,  scoping?  (worries that it has a different meaning UK-wise than US-wise)
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:22:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so recognize that we will be planning osc at the same time
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:22:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I would say project since I think more people have access there
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:22:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> It concerns the project IMHO, that's where the discussion should take place.
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   I'm thinking the same thing.   We get more responses for calls to events on project than on other lists.
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:22:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Maybe we can can people to post with a [Orlando} prefix in the subject
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:23:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and robjo   can we ask that you join in this little team of ours?  :-D
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:23:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> plus it will drown out some of the other noise which has been there lately
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:23:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> scoping the event to be marketing rather than techie
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:23:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I will not be able to be at the event, my mother's 75 birthday that weekend.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:23:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wstephenson,  the extent of techie really depends on how many we can get to the event, and let's face it more of the uber-techs are in EU than in US
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:23:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   your mother deserves to see Mickey Mouse that weekend  :-D
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:23:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'm seeing 4 votes for -project rather than marketing
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:24:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok here's what I propose:
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:24:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> +1 project
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:24:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;crrodriguez&gt;</span> +1 prj
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:24:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> + project
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:24:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we talk on project for all general information.  But once a team is solidified, really minor nitty gritty details can be discussed within the team, but always report a summary of progress on project
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:24:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ensuring that eveyrone always knows what's up and what's going to be up  :-)
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:25:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> otoh who would a marketing event speak to? susecon attendees staying on? press? suse fans who are not contributors?
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:25:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I believe that this is expected
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:25:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok - project it is!
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:25:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wstephenson,   we'll nail all that down as we evolve the process.
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:25:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> quit bikeshedding (even though you still owe me a tandem bike ride  hehe)
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:25:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I beileve that we should have a kick-off meeting as the next step
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:25:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I don't think it will be a marketing only event
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:25:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> right?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:26:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no it won't
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:26:07 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">captures wstephenson questions</span>
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:26:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but what it will be exactly depends on who can be there and what resources we have available
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:26:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> did you just watch http://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&amp;v=UBr3MM9_zd4 or something? ;)
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:26:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we don't even know if we have money to fly in people.
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:26:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so let's save the 'who will be there' questions for a kickoff meeting
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:27:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> +1. my point was just not to start prematurely framing the event
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:27:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> partly because in the kickoff meeting we'll want to discuss what we want to name this event
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:27:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I would expect that some SUSE employees will stay for the weekend
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:27:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wstephenson,   that video is unsubtitled, so the answer is unequivocally no.  :-P
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:27:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> AlanClark, but we need to know what toys we're playing with?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:27:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> as in budget etc
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:27:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> FunkyPenguin,  exxactly.
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:27:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span>  I agree with your point
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:27:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> has a budget even been discussed?
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:27:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> do we know the location and size ?
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:28:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> meh
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:28:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and wstephenson  I apologize for typing too prematurely earlier.   wasn't my intent.
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:28:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> np, let's move on
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:28:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I don't wanna!  I like holding grudges!
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:28:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we agreed on a project ML and to have a kick off meeting.   Who leads?   (I volunteer)
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:29:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> suseROCKs, try and stay on topic please ;)
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:29:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We will need to talk in more details about budget at the kickoff meeting. But a quick answer to the question
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:29:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Much of the budget for this event and osc12 is and will be based on Sponsors.  Just as it was last year.
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:30:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> then finding sponsorship needs to be #1 priority, given that we have &gt;1 year to do it.
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:30:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;crrodriguez&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> both events have separate budgets and sponsors I guess ?
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:31:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> But the biggest sponsor is SUSE, thus the question of how much money will SUSE sponsor for each is certainly valid.
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:31:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> +1
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:31:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> +1 - That's why we need to get moving on both events
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:31:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok let's do it
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:31:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  Since you volunteered - will you setup the kickoff meeting?
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:31:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I propose to have our kick off meeting next Wed same hour as this project meeting today
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:31:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we all likey likey?
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:32:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Sorry if this was discussed while I was not participating yet. Was there a time decision for osc12 Jul, Aug, Oct?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:32:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> nope
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:32:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> suseROCKS - will you also create a space for people to post questions prior to the meeting?
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:32:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,  Absolutely
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:32:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,  I will attempt to do so this weekend after I recover from surgery tmw
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:33:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> suseROCKS - I'd also suggest that we start a task list so that we can capture volunteers to help
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:33:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> time works for me. Can we get the news team to put this on the calendar please?
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:33:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,  I shall add that as well
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:33:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,  absolutely
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:34:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> By the way - we need a name for this event - so everyone think about it.  The name will effect who will attend (goes back to wstephenson's point)  We will want to decide on a name at the kickoff meeting
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:34:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but AlanClark  to be honest, how and whether people volunteer will be graeatly influenced by whether we know that at least some monies will be available to cover their expenses
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:34:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If we can say we gurantee at least 5 sponsored people, then we can get committed volunteers for sure.
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:34:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Yes I know,
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:35:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:35:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> answering that goes to the sponsors question
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:35:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I propose "geeko Meetup"
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:35:12 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">suggests this topic be closed now</span>
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:35:18 </span><span class="nka">* FunkyPenguin</span> <span class="ac">votes for Geeko Luau</span>
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:35:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Geeko Epcot
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:35:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Did I answer all the questions?
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:35:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> well people can help even if they don't actually attend the event, roght?
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:35:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> well people can help even if they don't actually attend the event, right?
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:35:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,  sure.   And I expect that  :-D
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:35:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> ok that neatly moves onto the next topic
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:35:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> By the way - think about sponsors when you think about the name.
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:36:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> help on marketing things and stuff
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:36:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if anything this will create a blueprint for similar events in other regions of the world.
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:36:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Conference 2012</span>
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:36:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we kind of have that blueprint from oSC
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:36:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> Are you implying we need a more serious name?
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:36:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Geeko &lt;SPONSORNAME&gt;   :-D
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:37:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> oSAC 2012
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:37:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span>  yes if something is named Geeko Luau,  we'll have a tough time getting sponsors
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:37:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I like Geeko Luau, but sponsors won't.
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:37:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> well, we did hold a Camp KDE in SF and still got sponsors...
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:38:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Geeko Beefest ? ;)
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:38:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Beerfest
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:38:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;crrodriguez&gt;</span> Old Toad silver|Gold|Platinum :-)
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:38:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I can't even spell Beer correctly anymore
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:38:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> dudes,  we're 37 min into the hour  :-D
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:38:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Let's move on to the osc12
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:38:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> ok let's park the SUSECon discussion and move onto oSC12 :)
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:38:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> oSAC 2012=openSUSE for the  Americas Conference 2012
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:38:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> osc12 date, Jul, Aug, Oct???
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:39:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Let me start off this discussion
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:39:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We have 2 proposals for osc12 - Thanks to Kostas and Pavol.
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:40:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Knowing that we would have this North America event in September, I talked with Kostas and Pavol.
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:40:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We would like to propose that osc12 be held in Prague and osc13 be held in Greece.
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:41:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> The proposed timeframe for osc12 would be late october or first part of November.
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:41:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> sounds great to me
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:41:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> and thanks to both of them for the proposals
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:41:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We need to stay away from Nov 5-8 as that is LinuxCon Europe
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:42:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> AlanClark, is LCE in PRG?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:42:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> LCE is in Barcelona AFAIK
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:42:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no Barcelona
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:42:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I heard Madrid
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:42:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> ah, shame
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:42:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> No but I don't think we want to compete unless we have to
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:43:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> be sure to check our 2012 events calendar wiki for any other conflicting dates
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:43:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We are currently sending RFPs to the venue's that Pavol put in his proposal
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:43:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> e.g. 30-Oct-Nov is ARM Tech which FunkyPenguin  and I want to see great presence at
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:43:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We should get 2 week separation to LCE, IMHO
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:44:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Those RFPs will help determine the specific dates
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:44:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I think that libreoffice conf will be at that time, but I don't know how relevant this si
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:44:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   LO hasn't decided anything yet
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:44:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span>  It's relevant, but I don't the libreoffice date yet.
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:44:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap I based that on the previous event
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:44:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> do we know of anything else not on here? http://www.linux-magazine.com/Resources/Event-Calendar
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:44:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> Any LibreOffice event will be significant especially as we have so many involved people
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:44:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> previous was in Oct,  but I'm on the LO marketing ML and they're still not even close to figuring out what to do yet.
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:45:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I have an idea!
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:45:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Why not invite LO to co-locate with us?
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:45:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I like that idea - if we don't have to pay for them
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:45:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Lets just be first and pick our date then.
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:46:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> +1
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:46:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the sooner we pick date/location the sooner we can reach out to LO and suggest co-location for maximum audience
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:46:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> what prusnak things?
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:46:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:46:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> If any of you find other date conflicts let me know.  I'll talk to the LO
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:46:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We have the location I thought, no one objected to Prague for osc12
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:47:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> although I am not a fun of Co-locate those 2 events
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:47:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> ok so two weeks separation between SUSECon, LCE
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:47:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> any other questions on osc12?
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:47:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> date?
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:47:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> that would land roughly on week 42 (15th Oct)
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:47:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> when are we going to know about it?
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:47:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> a precise date that is
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:48:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;crrodriguez&gt;</span> Prague's cool, have to flight two days anyway ;-)
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:48:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span>  Let's see what we get back from the RFPs - hopefully by the next project meeting
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:48:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> and |miska| stays there :)
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:48:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> what is RFPS?
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:48:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> what is RFPs?
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:48:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Request for Proposals
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:48:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> RFP - is a request to the conference / hotels to give us availability and pricing
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:49:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> You have to contact venues to get best bid
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:49:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> well at my side
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:49:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Can we move the proposal for Greece off the osc12 location wiki page then and move to a new page?
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:49:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I would say to at least leave a month between the SUSEcon and the oSC
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:50:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Greece is off for 2012
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:50:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:50:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we go for 2013
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:50:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,  it all depends on the venue's availability.   We have to fit into venue calendars too.    Give prusnak time to get the information to us.
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:50:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> +1  I'd prefer 4 weeks as well
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:50:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we're just bikeshedding now
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:50:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> that's why I requested the change in the wiki ;)
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:51:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">18:51:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> ok so move osc12 to week 47?
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">18:51:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> By the way - we also want to work on osc13 so that we have a base plan at osc12
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">18:51:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">18:51:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we are working on that
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">18:52:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> what's week 47?
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">18:52:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we will have another Summer camp
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">18:52:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> wich it is like a local oSC
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">18:52:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> which it is like a local oSC
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">18:52:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> sorry week commencing 19th Nov
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">18:52:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> warlordfff, you seem to be repeating yourself :)
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">18:52:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> That's really close to Thanksgiving man.
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">18:53:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> you on KDE? the calendar popup shows week numbers.
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">18:53:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> nope xfce, GNOME refugee, but I like Xfce
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">18:53:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok, let's go to the next topic
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">18:54:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status Reports</span>
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">18:54:49 </span><span class="nka">* FunkyPenguin</span> <span class="ac">hasnt seen any status reports for a while</span>
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">18:55:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I have one
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">18:55:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Can I go on?
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">18:55:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> go
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">18:55:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> manugupt1, sure
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">18:56:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. GCI is over.. Mentors and students can update their tee shirt sizes and addressess
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">18:56:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Also I have already begun preparations for gsoc and please sign up for mentors
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">18:56:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> thats all from me
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">18:56:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> wiki link for gsoc12 ?
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">18:56:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> GSOC will have marketing tasks this year?
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">18:57:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> warlordfff, that isnt really a coding task is it?
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">18:57:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> No... GSOC has only coding tasks
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">18:57:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> nop, but someone told me that this year they might add something like this
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">18:57:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I need to look for it will send in a while
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">18:57:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">18:57:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> you guys can continue
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">18:58:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> ok i can give an update on the ARM porting effort if you desire
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">18:58:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeahhhhhhh
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">18:58:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> please
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">18:58:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">18:59:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> ok we have over 4100 packages ported, about 140 are failed, and 500 unresolved
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">18:59:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> moin dragotin
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">18:59:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> heya!
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">18:59:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> the latter should come down once we fix some of those failures
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">18:59:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> cool, anything systematically holding you up, or is it just work?
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">19:00:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> wstephenson, the usual culprit really - time
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">19:00:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> and fingers/eyes
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">19:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:GSOC%202012%20Ideas
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">19:00:47 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">proposes to octupus-ify FunkyPenguin</span>
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">19:01:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;crrodriguez&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> show us the list of failed packages to fix them.
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">19:01:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;crrodriguez&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> :)
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">19:01:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> we have a few key packages that are in a failed state - yast-core/mono-core/and a few others
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">19:01:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> crrodriguez, https://build.opensuse.org/project/show?project=openSUSE%3AFactory%3AARM will tell you everything
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">19:02:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;crrodriguez&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> Ok, will take a look and see what can I do.
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">19:02:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;crrodriguez&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">19:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> atm it looks like we have a bit of a rebuild going on so i cant be more precise
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">19:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> crrodriguez, thanks
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">19:02:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> generally the failures are test suite failures
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">19:02:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> FunkyPenguin,  Will we each be given an ARM device to test your work on?
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">19:03:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> suseROCKs, cant say atm
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">19:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;crrodriguez&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> atm the rpo is blocked... I will check it out later when I see the fails. should not be difficult to fix , just a little tedious ;)
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">19:03:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> shouldn't be that difficult to request 200 devices or so  :-D
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">19:03:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> we will be at fosdem, and have got a talk in the cross distro room
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">19:03:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> we will be pimping on the booth too
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">19:04:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">19:04:17 </span><span class="nka">* warlordfff</span> <span class="ac">maybe learn a few things  from you</span>
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">19:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> FunkyPenguin would look good in a pimp daddy outfit
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">19:04:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> oh and a huge thanks go to agraf/adrianS/dirk/schaefi/|miska| for their hard work
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">19:05:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> in time for opensusecon: http://www.zootsuitstore.com/shopping/catalog/zoottux22.asp
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">19:05:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> thats the end from me
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">19:05:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;crrodriguez&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> stuff still builing with qemu ?
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">19:05:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I don't have a status - but a question on the weekly news.
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">19:05:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Can anyone supply a status on the weekly news transition?
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">19:05:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> crrodriguez, publicly yes, there is a private buildfarm on native behind the suse firewall
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">19:06:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> +1 wstephenson
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">19:06:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span>  maybe ping HeliosReds for this
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">19:06:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> weekly news topic was just on one of the lists this week
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">19:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> or Etern4L
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">19:06:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;crrodriguez&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> non native hardware sucks geekos ass... but let's see what can be done
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">19:06:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> Latest I know HeliosReds is working on it
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">19:06:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> whomever is taking over said they need a few more weeks
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">19:06:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> to make things smoother
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">19:06:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,  At the moment, there's no movement, but Satoru plans to revive it as soon as he finds some time.  I personally prefer to let him get the boats in order before we start cannibalizing it.
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">19:06:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> thats HeliosReds
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">19:07:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Thanks
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">19:07:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> crrodriguez, /j #opensuse-arm for more answers etc :)
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">19:07:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> if anyone want/can halp with the own can send him an email about it
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">19:08:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> AFAIK the team need people
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">19:08:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> is it better to do a smaller OWN sooner, or a complete OWN later?
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">19:08:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> Let us HeliosReds decide that
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">19:08:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">19:08:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> He knows a lot more about it
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">19:08:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wstephenson,   IMO  let Satoru come up with some answers soon and we'll go from there
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">19:09:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I would rather skip these questions
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">19:09:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> any other reports?
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">19:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> not really a report, but just that some of us have been working hard at looking all possible events for openSUSE to attend this year
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">19:10:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> the boosters had a useful meeting with Jos and AJ about the impact of SLE12 starting soon
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">19:10:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> looks like we will be covering more events in US this year than ever before, which is good.
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">19:10:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I will add something there one of these days
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">19:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If you can add something, please do so at http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Ambassadors_events#2012
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">19:11:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span>  You can skip the Old Action Items topic - nothing new for that topic
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">19:11:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> getting as many events listed that we *might* be able to go to helps also for budgeting and DVD pressing allocations, etc.
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">19:11:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> Anymore details on that?
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">19:11:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> this will be the first SLE developed using OBS, so there may be social issues involved in all the SLE engineers turning up and wanting to play in 'our' sandpit
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">19:11:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> ok so next topic
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">19:11:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Where do we need to improve?</span>
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">19:12:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> cool about SLE12.. um did you have notes from that meeting ?
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">19:12:40 </span><span class="nka">* FunkyPenguin</span> <span class="ac">needs to step afk and muzzle his kids for the night</span>
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">19:12:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> yes, need to blog them up
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">19:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> nice
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">19:13:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> this is your topic :)
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">19:14:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> Well, I guess I need to jump over the shadow and move on from the ML effort that might never get finished.
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">19:14:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> is it now the time to say something about openSUSE news?
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">19:14:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> sure
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">19:14:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I'll pick things back up from the wiki and we can discuss more in the next meeting.
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">19:14:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">19:14:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks robjo
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">19:15:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> great!
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">19:15:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we need to start more articles there
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">19:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> don't get me wrong this is a wake up call for me too :)
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">19:17:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span>  Do you have a specific action to suggest?
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">19:17:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> any thoughts
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">19:17:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> nope
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">19:17:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> such as topics, etc?
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">19:17:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I just say it in case you have any thoughts
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">19:17:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am a bit burned those days
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">19:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">19:18:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> next topic?
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">19:18:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">19:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Q&amp;A</span>
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">19:19:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I thought of a great question last night while I was in bed.   But I should have written it down because I don't remember it when I woke up this morning.
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">19:19:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I have a question
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">19:20:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> manugupt1, go on
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">19:20:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> to the board
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">19:20:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> manugupt1, yes?
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">19:21:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Since the new board has come up and everyone has given their thoughts on what they want in the near future.. I think the board should come up with a set of actionable items that are more visible and let known to the project in general
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">19:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Can this be done? The project till now honestly has little idea what board does
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">19:21:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> where is the question? :D
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">19:21:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">19:22:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> So I will like to know if the board can discuss and come up with a set of actionable items
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">19:22:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> +1 - The board is going to be holding a F2F in February.  That meeting would be a great opportunity to draft this years board actions
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">19:22:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dchilton&gt;</span> _o/ ...  when/where do questions/topics that were raised on 'board@opensuse.org' list for board consideration actually get addressed?  in these online meetings?
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">19:23:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Thanks AlanClark
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">19:23:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dchilton:</span> usually if it is a public issue, not all are
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">19:23:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> manugupt1, a fair request
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">19:23:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> not all issues are public of course
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">19:23:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DarkMac&gt;</span> how long does a membership request gets answered?
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">19:24:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dchilton&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> so if we don't see them addressed here, or posted on the board site's agenda, we can/should expect follow up via our email?
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">19:24:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">DarkMac:</span> depends on the membership commitee's backlog
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">19:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> It might be a good idea to recommend to the community to send in their thoughts to board@opensuse.org of what they think are important topics they'd like the board to adopt
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">19:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dchilton:</span> yes and if you do not get a reply poke us..
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">19:24:47 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">adds Manu's point to the F2F agenda</span>
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">19:24:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> very good suggesstion
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">19:26:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dchilton&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> will do.  who, specifically, has the responsibility for parsing @boardML issues into agenda items?  anyone in particular?
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">19:26:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Yes I have one more suggestion
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">19:26:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Regarding memberships
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">19:26:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> go on
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">19:26:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dchilton:</span> If you have a public issue just ask now.
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">19:26:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dchilton:</span>  Agenda items for this meeting should be placed on the wiki not mailed to @boardML
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">19:27:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Is there someway other members can recommend new members
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">19:27:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Like recommend as in with proof
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">19:27:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dchilton&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I raised a board issue, and am asking obout how it's dealt with.  it's for the board to decide what to do with it.
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">19:27:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> good point.. can we discuss this next meeting and add this as an agenda item
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">19:27:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dchilton&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> i was asked -- by a board member -- to mail to the board.
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">19:28:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> Sure..
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">19:28:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DarkMac&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> more than 2 weeks???
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">19:29:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> the board can influence membership process?
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">19:29:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> yes thats the board's job
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">19:29:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> maugupt1 really?
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">19:29:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> membership is the membership commitee's job, not the board
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">19:29:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> robjo thanks, just to be sure
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">19:30:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> Its been outsourced by board if I am correct
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">19:30:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   yes and no.
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">19:30:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> that was it some time ago, now there is a committee
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">19:30:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the board outsourced it and the board can actually go in the queue and vote on membership
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">19:30:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> but its still boards duty to maintain our exclusive club ;-)
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">19:30:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> but just vote right?
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">19:30:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> Hmm.. Because the last time board voted on a few memberships around the elections time too
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">19:30:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> as even henne emphasized that recently here in project channel
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">19:31:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> yes, I think the final decision is with the board
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">19:31:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> there's a difference between "being able to vote on" and "making a decision"
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">19:31:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> or would be, but they asked the committee to do it.
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">19:32:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dchilton&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> so, in THAT case ... who's responsible for propagating @ML issues onto the agenda?
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">19:32:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and as dragotin  says, yes the board has the authority to override a membership decision
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">19:32:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> so be nice friendly to the king if you want to shoot a deer in the forrests
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">19:32:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> hold on
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">19:32:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> really?
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">19:33:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> I think so, yes. But that does not mean that there are no rules
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">19:33:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> so if you are not close to the board they/you might cut you off?
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">19:33:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> hopefully the board would only get involved in exceptional situations
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">19:33:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> nonono
<a name="l-413"></a><span class="tm">19:34:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   exactly
<a name="l-414"></a><span class="tm">19:34:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> there are (at least some) defined criteria that need to be met if you want to become a member
<a name="l-415"></a><span class="tm">19:34:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> Why would you think that? A membership application requires some proof
<a name="l-416"></a><span class="tm">19:34:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I'm glad that our new board is awesome!
<a name="l-417"></a><span class="tm">19:34:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> No, membership should be decided as documented, based on proven contributions to the project
<a name="l-418"></a><span class="tm">19:34:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> and the board has the (I guess unpleasent) job to decide about
<a name="l-419"></a><span class="tm">19:35:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> robjo thank you
<a name="l-420"></a><span class="tm">19:35:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> It was not easy back in the time to fix a process for that at all
<a name="l-421"></a><span class="tm">19:35:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> manugupt1 I agree
<a name="l-422"></a><span class="tm">19:35:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> beside a "everybody who wants can become a member"
<a name="l-423"></a><span class="tm">19:35:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> and it was decided that a proven contribution must exist
<a name="l-424"></a><span class="tm">19:36:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> whatever that is: bugreports, wiki-work, packaging, marketing, whatever
<a name="l-425"></a><span class="tm">19:36:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> dragotin thank you
<a name="l-426"></a><span class="tm">19:36:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> member ship criteria are documented in the wiki
<a name="l-427"></a><span class="tm">19:37:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Am I seeing volunteers for joining the membership committee? :-)
<a name="l-428"></a><span class="tm">19:37:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am in for that  :)
<a name="l-429"></a><span class="tm">19:38:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> well I just want to be sure that you don't need to be friend of the king ;)
<a name="l-430"></a><span class="tm">19:38:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I'm out :D
<a name="l-431"></a><span class="tm">19:38:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> what do you mean izabelvalverde?
<a name="l-432"></a><span class="tm">19:39:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span>  Best question for the membership committee - ask them if they feel they are controlled by a king.
<a name="l-433"></a><span class="tm">19:39:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span>  sorry, I was exaggerating
<a name="l-434"></a><span class="tm">19:39:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I mean my friends are great but sometimes not much as I would want for support openSUSE ;)
<a name="l-435"></a><span class="tm">19:39:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> +1
<a name="l-436"></a><span class="tm">19:39:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> What we need is a way to prune the list. If one is a member but has not contributed in years, should they still be a member?
<a name="l-437"></a><span class="tm">19:39:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> this should be beyond personal relationships
<a name="l-438"></a><span class="tm">19:40:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Also if someone is contributing more than even us over here and is not a member how do we identify it?
<a name="l-439"></a><span class="tm">19:40:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> The membership team has a tool they use to review candidates contributions
<a name="l-440"></a><span class="tm">19:40:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,  some people choose to contribute and not be member for whatever personal reasons.    It's their decision, but we should try to encourage as much as possible to join
<a name="l-441"></a><span class="tm">19:41:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Some people would love to be but are not aware then
<a name="l-442"></a><span class="tm">19:41:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think its interesting to note taht GNOME has approx. 350 members and we have appox. 500 members.   But ratio-wise, their membership is more active overall than ours.
<a name="l-443"></a><span class="tm">19:41:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> I think membership is something people should start to think about and than investigate how they can join
<a name="l-444"></a><span class="tm">19:41:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> how do you become a GNOME member?
<a name="l-445"></a><span class="tm">19:41:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Like I know Forum moderators are not members yet with an average of &gt;5 posts per day
<a name="l-446"></a><span class="tm">19:41:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> recommentation afaik
<a name="l-447"></a><span class="tm">19:41:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> its also not just "I want", right?
<a name="l-448"></a><span class="tm">19:41:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> thanks for making my point about pruning the list ;)
<a name="l-449"></a><span class="tm">19:41:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dchilton&gt;</span> sigh ...
<a name="l-450"></a><span class="tm">19:42:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   sure.   I have poked many people to become membes and some feel they don't want to be members.  Others don't know much.  All we can do is make sure that membership applications are definitely available to all to attempt.
<a name="l-451"></a><span class="tm">19:42:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> That is a topic for next meeting as mrdocs suggested and if people have a bit of time I can be here
<a name="l-452"></a><span class="tm">19:42:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> dragotin,   In GNOME, you have to show contributions and be vetted by reference
<a name="l-453"></a><span class="tm">19:42:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I think that members have a similar problem with the ambassadors
<a name="l-454"></a><span class="tm">19:43:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> in GNOME you apply saying your contributions and indicate 2-3 others that can "justify/approve" your words
<a name="l-455"></a><span class="tm">19:43:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> dragotin,  also GNOME requires you to renew your membership every two years.
<a name="l-456"></a><span class="tm">19:43:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I also think that in GNOME they examine your membership every 2 years,am I right?
<a name="l-457"></a><span class="tm">19:43:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-458"></a><span class="tm">19:43:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok I am :)
<a name="l-459"></a><span class="tm">19:43:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Also if some member can personally refer to people offcourse with proof.. It can be great
<a name="l-460"></a><span class="tm">19:44:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> there's a way for us to prune our list. Lets do something like that.
<a name="l-461"></a><span class="tm">19:44:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> manugupt1 in gnome you need to apply
<a name="l-462"></a><span class="tm">19:44:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> as others said I also think that the member list could use some pruning
<a name="l-463"></a><span class="tm">19:44:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Send an e-mail to members and verify their contributions over the last 2 years.
<a name="l-464"></a><span class="tm">19:44:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> +1 robjo
<a name="l-465"></a><span class="tm">19:44:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   I'm not sure we want to prune or if we want to grandfather in.   In any case, I think this is worthy of an ML discussion rather tan an IRC discussion in the middle of project meeting
<a name="l-466"></a><span class="tm">19:45:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> No reponse or no contributions, drop them.
<a name="l-467"></a><span class="tm">19:45:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> why?
<a name="l-468"></a><span class="tm">19:45:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> robjo good +1
<a name="l-469"></a><span class="tm">19:45:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-470"></a><span class="tm">19:45:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> yes, lets discuss on ML
<a name="l-471"></a><span class="tm">19:45:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> +1
<a name="l-472"></a><span class="tm">19:45:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but
<a name="l-473"></a><span class="tm">19:45:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> this needs to be aired out with feedback from everyone
<a name="l-474"></a><span class="tm">19:45:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I agree MLs are the best way
<a name="l-475"></a><span class="tm">19:45:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> if a flame war start
<a name="l-476"></a><span class="tm">19:45:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> please someone stop it
<a name="l-477"></a><span class="tm">19:45:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I don't think we can drop members because in the beginning we told people it is lifetime.  We need to grandfather those in and make renewal rules only apply to subsequent new memberships.
<a name="l-478"></a><span class="tm">19:45:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> Because we vote for board and get some 200 votes from 500 members, what does that mean?
<a name="l-479"></a><span class="tm">19:46:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,  if a flame war starts, simply send to admin@ML   :-D
<a name="l-480"></a><span class="tm">19:46:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Anyway, I agree, this is an ML discussion.
<a name="l-481"></a><span class="tm">19:46:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-482"></a><span class="tm">19:46:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> any other questions?
<a name="l-483"></a><span class="tm">19:46:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> maybe the old idea about vote on the last 2 elections
<a name="l-484"></a><span class="tm">19:46:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-485"></a><span class="tm">19:46:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Lets carry this at ML
<a name="l-486"></a><span class="tm">19:46:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> please
<a name="l-487"></a><span class="tm">19:47:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> who will open it?
<a name="l-488"></a><span class="tm">19:47:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-489"></a><span class="tm">19:47:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Board offcourse or the membership committee
<a name="l-490"></a><span class="tm">19:47:27 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">proposes robjo   He's a good topic moderator</span>
<a name="l-491"></a><span class="tm">19:47:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> cool my opinion the sooner the better
<a name="l-492"></a><span class="tm">19:47:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Thats upto them to decide though
<a name="l-493"></a><span class="tm">19:47:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I'll do it, we know the board is reluctant to weigh in on these things.
<a name="l-494"></a><span class="tm">19:48:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> why?
<a name="l-495"></a><span class="tm">19:48:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> experience...
<a name="l-496"></a><span class="tm">19:48:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I kind agree with robjo here
<a name="l-497"></a><span class="tm">19:48:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Many governance discussions on ML get not response from the board.
<a name="l-498"></a><span class="tm">19:48:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We discussed that topic 2 weeks ago.
<a name="l-499"></a><span class="tm">19:49:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> sorry to interject, I know you're onto a different subject. But I remind you of our wallpaper contest. I know most of you have voted, if some of you have not, please do so here http://www.doodle.com/rci5689d49xkssbp#table
<a name="l-500"></a><span class="tm">19:49:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> thanks anditosan :)
<a name="l-501"></a><span class="tm">19:49:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> great teamwork contributions, anditosan
<a name="l-502"></a><span class="tm">19:49:33 </span><span class="nka">* warlordfff</span> <span class="ac">thinks that board should be a bit more active on ML's</span>
<a name="l-503"></a><span class="tm">19:49:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span>  indeed great work
<a name="l-504"></a><span class="tm">19:50:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-505"></a><span class="tm">19:50:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. so will the board do it or robjo?
<a name="l-506"></a><span class="tm">19:50:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> +1 robjo from me
<a name="l-507"></a><span class="tm">19:50:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if the board opens the discussion, membership team might feel the board is trying to overstep them.  if robjo opens it, then team will see it as a open discussion started by the general community
<a name="l-508"></a><span class="tm">19:51:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> this topic shoulb be from the generall community
<a name="l-509"></a><span class="tm">19:51:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> it needs to be based on a proposal from the membership team
<a name="l-510"></a><span class="tm">19:51:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Board question... Kostas and I will release this week the openSUSE Travel Program - or whatever it will be named :)
<a name="l-511"></a><span class="tm">19:51:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> My proposal : Is the board and membership team comes up with a proposal by next meeting or whatever time frame
<a name="l-512"></a><span class="tm">19:52:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> you guys will give us any feedback?
<a name="l-513"></a><span class="tm">19:52:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> and put it on discussion
<a name="l-514"></a><span class="tm">19:52:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> on my todo list...
<a name="l-515"></a><span class="tm">19:52:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> ive looked at it twice, expect feed back soon
<a name="l-516"></a><span class="tm">19:53:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Thank you ;)
<a name="l-517"></a><span class="tm">19:53:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I will send a message, then people can rip it to pieces, or we might get some actionable items. Lets just see what happens.
<a name="l-518"></a><span class="tm">19:53:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> No need to have discussions about discussion....
<a name="l-519"></a><span class="tm">19:53:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we started work based on the draft
<a name="l-520"></a><span class="tm">19:53:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> robjo, +1
<a name="l-521"></a><span class="tm">19:53:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> with the 'openSUSE Travel Support Program' that is
<a name="l-522"></a><span class="tm">19:54:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> motion to adjourn
<a name="l-523"></a><span class="tm">19:54:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> wstephenson mrdocs we already supported one
<a name="l-524"></a><span class="tm">19:54:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> the Cerea Fair in Italy ;)
<a name="l-525"></a><span class="tm">19:55:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> izabelvalverde and warlordfff: Thanks for creating that proposal
<a name="l-526"></a><span class="tm">19:55:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> you're welcome :)
<a name="l-527"></a><span class="tm">19:55:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-528"></a><span class="tm">19:56:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> how do you plan to release the program?
<a name="l-529"></a><span class="tm">19:56:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ie - how will people find out about it?
<a name="l-530"></a><span class="tm">19:56:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> an announcement
<a name="l-531"></a><span class="tm">19:56:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-532"></a><span class="tm">19:57:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> set in the wiki as well
<a name="l-533"></a><span class="tm">19:57:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> izabelvalverde I am curios about one detail which I have faced in the past
<a name="l-534"></a><span class="tm">19:57:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> which is?
<a name="l-535"></a><span class="tm">19:57:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> later you can see manugupt1
<a name="l-536"></a><span class="tm">19:57:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Places like India have almost the transfer amount is almost equal to sponsorship account
<a name="l-537"></a><span class="tm">19:57:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> manugupt1 is hard to make it and with 100 sugestions is worst :D
<a name="l-538"></a><span class="tm">19:58:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> izabelvalverde &amp; Kostas - perhaps this should be an agenda item for the next project meeting?
<a name="l-539"></a><span class="tm">19:58:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> AlanClark if the Board agree ok for me :)
<a name="l-540"></a><span class="tm">19:58:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> mee too
<a name="l-541"></a><span class="tm">19:58:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> that creates a problem while getting sponsorships for us
<a name="l-542"></a><span class="tm">19:58:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-543"></a><span class="tm">19:59:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> manugupt1 I just can say that we will treat all the people equaly as possible
<a name="l-544"></a><span class="tm">19:59:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> maybe if the board finishes the feedback by then even to present
<a name="l-545"></a><span class="tm">19:59:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span>  I'm trying to work on the money transfer issue
<a name="l-546"></a><span class="tm">19:59:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> I agree on that
<a name="l-547"></a><span class="tm">19:59:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> sorry I did not get the problem
<a name="l-548"></a><span class="tm">19:59:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> thanks.. I am just trying to remind this again and again and offcourse I remember you working on it\
<a name="l-549"></a><span class="tm">20:00:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span>  set a deadline for feedback
<a name="l-550"></a><span class="tm">20:00:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> so that it does not get missed out
<a name="l-551"></a><span class="tm">20:00:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Fosdem
<a name="l-552"></a><span class="tm">20:00:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> too late
<a name="l-553"></a><span class="tm">20:00:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-554"></a><span class="tm">20:00:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> sorry but fosdem is too late
<a name="l-555"></a><span class="tm">20:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-556"></a><span class="tm">20:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I've been working on it since november!
<a name="l-557"></a><span class="tm">20:01:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> we didn't release waiting for the new board
<a name="l-558"></a><span class="tm">20:01:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeah, mee too :D
<a name="l-559"></a><span class="tm">20:01:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. Good night folks
<a name="l-560"></a><span class="tm">20:01:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> izabelvalverde &amp; kostas - then go with the feedback you've received
<a name="l-561"></a><span class="tm">20:01:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> so surely mrdocs and wstepheson will help us too :D
<a name="l-562"></a><span class="tm">20:01:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> manugupt1, night :D
<a name="l-563"></a><span class="tm">20:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> well, I would like to have feedback from the whole board
<a name="l-564"></a><span class="tm">20:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> by end of day i reply
<a name="l-565"></a><span class="tm">20:01:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> mrdocs thank you :)
<a name="l-566"></a><span class="tm">20:01:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> thanks, but just because you have been working on this for a long time, that's not agood reason why fosdem is too late
<a name="l-567"></a><span class="tm">20:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> robjo maybe you are right but we have to start to work otherwise will lost a bit portion of money ;)
<a name="l-568"></a><span class="tm">20:02:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> now there's a good reason to set an earlier deadline.
<a name="l-569"></a><span class="tm">20:03:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-570"></a><span class="tm">20:03:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-571"></a><span class="tm">20:03:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yup - push ahead - we can always modify it if needed
<a name="l-572"></a><span class="tm">20:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> robjo my is personal... since november :D
<a name="l-573"></a><span class="tm">20:04:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> are we done then?
<a name="l-574"></a><span class="tm">20:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> looks like it
<a name="l-575"></a><span class="tm">20:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> let's close
<a name="l-576"></a><span class="tm">20:04:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> motion to adjourn
<a name="l-577"></a><span class="tm">20:05:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> #endmeeting ??
<a name="l-578"></a><span class="tm">20:06:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DarkMac&gt;</span> grrrrr
<a name="l-579"></a><span class="tm">20:06:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> henne will be our moderator at the next meeting (he's next on the list and not here to object)
<a name="l-580"></a><span class="tm">20:06:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
