===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by vuntz at 17:01:05 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2012/opensuse-project.2012-11-14-17.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Update on inactive mailing lists  (vuntz, 17:04:19)
  * not done yet, mostly due to lack of time  (vuntz, 17:06:26)
  * henne will likely be the one dealing with this  (vuntz, 17:08:07)

* Update on admin@o.o reactiveness  (vuntz, 17:09:39)
  * suggestion to create a backup admin for mailing list, so that
    previous topic can be dealt with faster  (vuntz, 17:10:05)
  * some discussion about admin@ was summarized by christian:
    http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-project/2012-11/msg00033.html
    (vuntz, 17:10:36)
  * someone might step up soon to help with planet.o.o administration
    (vuntz, 17:17:18)
  * helping with ML might be possible only from SUSE people at the
    moment (due to access restrictions)  (vuntz, 17:18:41)
  * ACTION: darix to ask henne about getting someone else to help with
    administrating the mailing lists  (vuntz, 17:25:25)
  * LINK: https://github.com/openSUSE/wiki   (digitltom, 17:29:06)
  * status of wiki update: an attempt to update to 1.19 was in git, but
    it didn't work, so everything went back to 1.17. The git branch
    (repo: https://github.com/openSUSE/wiki) also got force-pushed :/
    (vuntz, 17:32:02)
  * ACTION: cboltz to ask scott about status of wiki update  (vuntz,
    17:33:31)

* Update on GCI (Google Code-In)  (vuntz, 17:34:36)
  * we're not participating this year  (vuntz, 17:37:51)
  * list of selected organizations:
    http://google-opensource.blogspot.fr/2012/11/mentoring-organizations-for-google-code.html
    (vuntz, 17:38:03)
  * we did a bad job at creating a list of ideas for students since we
    didn't have any ideas :/  (vuntz, 17:38:27)
  * next time, we will need to evaluate if there's interest for
    mentoring students in GCI, so we can know if it's worth applying
    (vuntz, 17:45:47)

* Status of Board elections  (vuntz, 17:46:33)
  * elections fully documented at
    http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Board_election  (vuntz, 17:49:49)
  * already two candidates  (vuntz, 17:49:56)
  * people can apply to run, or nominate a candidate until November 27th
    (vuntz, 17:50:25)

* Next meeting chair  (vuntz, 17:58:00)
  * LINK: http://en.opensuse.org/Portal:Meetings has some info on how to
    use bugbot  (vuntz, 18:03:12)
  * ACTION: vuntz to find a replacement chair in case he can't make it
    for next meeting  (vuntz, 18:03:48)
  * ACTION: vuntz to write some short doc on what chairing involves, and
    how to do it  (vuntz, 18:04:02)

* Q&A  (vuntz, 18:06:42)
  * hendersj asking about handling op privs on #opensuse-forums; nobody
    present knows, but darix or ircops@o.o should know  (vuntz,
    18:13:31)
  * anditosan raises the topic of having a paid designer (from SUSE) to
    work on openSUSE; vuntz will chat with toscalix to see if there's a
    possibility for this  (vuntz, 18:16:28)
  * ACTION: vuntz to talk to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE
    (vuntz, 18:16:43)



Meeting ended at 18:18:06 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* cboltz
  * cboltz to ask scott about status of wiki update
* darix
  * darix to ask henne about getting someone else to help with
    administrating the mailing lists
* vuntz
  * vuntz to find a replacement chair in case he can't make it for next
    meeting
  * vuntz to write some short doc on what chairing involves, and how to
    do it
  * vuntz to talk to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* vuntz (141)
* cboltz (25)
* tigerfoot (20)
* hendersj (15)
* darix (14)
* anditosan (10)
* digitltom (9)
* bugbot (5)
* nmarques (2)
* lnussel (1)
* malcolmlewis (1)
* }ls{ (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4