=====================================================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Summit Monthly Status meeting  03-03-2012
=====================================================================


Meeting started by suseROCKs at 18:10:37 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2012/opensuse-project.2012-03-03-18.10.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Purpose of meeting  (suseROCKs, 18:11:11)

* Statuses - Program Committee  (suseROCKs, 18:14:29)
  * Latest Program Committee Update:
    http://www.bryen.com/summit-program-team-gets-fired-up/  (suseROCKs,
    18:15:45)

* Statuses - Promotion Committee  (suseROCKs, 18:21:07)
  * Logo created, posters and flyers being worked on by anditosan
    (suseROCKs, 18:22:49)
  * LINK:
    http://s1108.photobucket.com/albums/h414/anditosan/?action=view&current=Poster11x17.png
    (shayonj, 18:23:50)
  * we need first batch of promotion materials by March 30th for first
    FOSS Event (Flourish! Conf in Chicago)  (suseROCKs, 18:24:07)
  * Anditosan's openSUSE Summit logo here:  http://bit.ly/xlcvWH
    (suseROCKs, 18:25:03)

* Statuses - Technical Committee  (suseROCKs, 18:27:17)
  * Indico to be ready to accept CFPs and Registrations by March 30th
    (suseROCKs, 18:28:18)
  * openSUSE Summit website draft - http://suse2.shayon.me/  (shayonj,
    18:29:20)
  * anditosan just text that he took a sleeping pill last night and is
    trying to wake up to get to the meeting...  (suseROCKs, 18:31:46)
  * ACTION: shayonj to follow up with @admin to identify the steps
    required to formally deploy summit.opensuse.org by March 30th
    (suseROCKs, 18:41:58)

* Statuses - Evening Entertainment Committee  (suseROCKs, 18:48:59)

* Statuses - Venue Committee  (suseROCKs, 18:50:11)
  * We need volunteers for the Evening Entertainment Committee
    (suseROCKs, 18:51:39)
  * we need more volunteers for Venue Committee, but we have time yet
    while we continue to gather up logistics information  (suseROCKs,
    18:51:58)

* Q&A  (suseROCKs, 18:52:05)
  * meeting attendees inquired about status of travel sponsorship to
    Summit.  Answer:  We have no formal determination of funding levels
    at this time  (suseROCKs, 18:54:05)
  * suseROCKs is awaiting simon123 to volunteer somewhere in Summit
    planning  :-)  (suseROCKs, 18:55:06)
  * Question: When is alexia going to visit Orlando to find out more
    about the venue?  Answer:  A definite date has not been determined
    yet, but soon.  (suseROCKs, 18:55:55)
  * ACTION: anditosan to make sure all artwork requirements are
    identified in
    http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Summit_Promotion_Committee
    (suseROCKs, 19:00:06)
  * ACTION: anditosan to also coordinate with Venue Committee for venue
    artwork when the time is appropriate
    http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Summit_General_Committees
    (suseROCKs, 19:00:43)



Meeting ended at 19:04:00 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* anditosan
  * anditosan to make sure all artwork requirements are identified in
    http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Summit_Promotion_Committee
  * anditosan to also coordinate with Venue Committee for venue artwork
    when the time is appropriate
    http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Summit_General_Committees
* shayonj
  * shayonj to follow up with @admin to identify the steps required to
    formally deploy summit.opensuse.org by March 30th



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* suseROCKs (114)
* shayonj (64)
* anditosan (29)
* simon123 (4)
* tacit (4)
* bugbot (3)
* tigerfoot (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4