<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">20:08:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">20:08:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jun 27 20:08:20 2012 UTC.  The chair is AlanClark. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">20:08:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">20:09:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chairs </span><span class="cmdline">henne FunkyPenguin AlanClark mrdocs yaloki</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">20:10:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Welcome to the project meeting.
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">20:10:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> There is one item on the agenda
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">20:11:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> A trademark usage request
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">20:11:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> These type of requests require approval by the Board
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">20:11:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Doesn't look like we have a Board quorum today
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">20:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so will defer this agenda item.
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">20:12:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> I think we discussed moving the meeting time last time
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">20:12:36 </span><span class="nka">* mrdocs</span> <span class="ac">thinks its bad for the .eu folks</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">20:12:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> the time that is
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">20:13:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> mrdocs, did you determine a better time?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">20:13:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> at the last meeting
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">20:13:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> well I agreed to going earlier in the morning our time...
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">20:13:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I agree that since we changed the time attendance has been lacking
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">20:13:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> any objections ?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">20:14:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">20:14:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> we seemed to have much better attendance at 1700 UTC
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">20:14:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> so I think we should just move it and announce it on the various mail lists
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">20:15:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I agree.
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">20:15:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">mrdocs will write to the internal board and project list announcing the new time</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">20:15:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks mrdocs you beat me to the action
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">20:16:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">20:16:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> will you also email vincent so that he will change the email
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">20:16:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">20:16:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks.
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">20:17:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> that's an  easy one :)
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">20:18:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Anyone have other topics for today's meeting?
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">20:18:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> it was proposed to discuss the eufi booting issue, but that is more technical and not fully clear what is going on
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">20:19:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> mrdocs, yes, but was requested removed, seems openSUSE and SUSE folks are working on it
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">20:19:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> UEFI is very complicated - license, technical, political
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">20:19:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> exactly
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">20:20:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> The project does need an answer.
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">20:20:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> The project needs an answer, but SUSE also needs an answer, and it seems that those two answers should be "in sync" with each other.
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">20:20:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> SUSE does have several people investigating the issue
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">20:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> for sure, but it seems there are two directions the actual UEFI/secure boot is going now :(
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">20:21:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> hendersj - yes, that's why I recommend that we let the SUSE folks get further on their investigation
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">20:22:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We can then leverage their findings
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">20:23:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> I think that's good, but it might be beneficial as well to leverage what expertise there is in the community as well - closed discussions on such an important topic seem somewhat counter to the open ideals of the openSUSE Project.
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">20:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hendersj:</span> i definitely agree there
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">20:23:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> maybe they could summarize a status on the project ML?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">20:24:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'll ask them to summarize to the project ML
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">20:25:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> Thanks, Alan.
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">20:25:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> Thans AlanClark
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">20:25:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> I think the community would also like to know how they can help.
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">20:26:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark to ask the SUSE UEFI engineers to summarize their current investigation and findings to the project mailing list; let the community know how they can help</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">20:28:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Other topics for today?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">20:28:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> none from me
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">20:28:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> Would this be a good place to raise some infrastructure questions?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">20:29:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hendersj:</span> sure
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">20:29:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> at least we can try ot help....
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">20:29:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">20:29:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> The weekend before last, we had an issue with static.opensuse.org becoming unavailable - that affected a number of different services, including the forums.
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">20:29:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> yeah i saw that
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">20:30:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> we seem to be snake bitten on weekends with web services :(
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">20:30:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> One of the thoughts that occurred to me (I also talked with Matt and Lars was involved as well) was the idea of looking for a way to mirror that data (currently hosted in Germany) so it doesn't affect services hosed in Utah so severely.
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">20:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> It seems that this may be a part of our forum issues - it seems static content for the forums comes from that host
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">20:31:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> So whenever a user connects to the forums, if there's a routing issue between Provo and the data centre in Germany, that contributes to our timeout issues and other general performance issues.
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">20:32:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> Lars seems receptive to looking into some GeoIP solutions to help make this more flexible and robust
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">20:32:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> Wondering if anyone has heard anything further on this, as the last I heard was on the 19th.
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">20:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> mrdocs - yeah, the weekends do seem to be problematic for us, even with simple resolutions to the issues (in this case, restarting static got things working again)
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">20:33:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I haven't heard anything new
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">20:35:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> ok - I'm also wondering if the project has any service monitoring that's in use that we might leverage as well?
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">20:36:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hendersj:</span> that needs more investigation.. its something we in the board have dicussed is how we can leverage some trusted community members to help with this
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">20:37:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span>  Sounds good.  If there's any way I can help, I'm willing to do what I can as well.
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">20:38:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hendersj:</span> many thanks again for what you have done before on this issue
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">20:39:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> np - will keep plugging away at it as I have time. :)  I've nothing further on this topic for now.
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">20:39:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks hendersj
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">20:39:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Any other topics?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">20:41:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok, then let's close and watch the extra time
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">20:41:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">20:42:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Remember the time change for the next meeting.
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">20:42:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
