17:00:02 <AlanClark> #startmeeting openSUSE Project Meeting
17:00:02 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed Aug 22 17:00:02 2012 UTC.  The chair is AlanClark. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
17:00:02 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
17:01:08 <AlanClark> #chair AlanClark yaloki wstephenson FunkyPenguin henne manugupt1
17:01:38 <AlanClark> Welcome everyone to today's project meeting
17:01:59 <AlanClark> We have 1 item listed on the planned agenda from the wiki
17:02:03 <suseROCKs> Thank you Mr. AlanClark
17:02:38 <AlanClark> I have one other item that I would like to add to the agenda regarding openSUSE Board
17:02:49 <AlanClark> Does anyone else have items for today's agenda?
17:03:20 <manugupt1> I have a discussion if Augustin is here
17:03:25 <wstephenson> hi
17:03:37 <wstephenson> manugupt1: Agustin is "toscalix"
17:03:52 <suseROCKs> Billie Boy!!!
17:03:53 <manugupt1> wstephenson: thanks
17:04:17 <wstephenson> suseROCKs: you've just equated me to a condom
17:04:38 <izabelvalverde> AlanClark I'm here if you need anything related to the Travel team
17:04:55 <AlanClark> ok,  we have 2 items for today's agenda: 1) Board member update 2) openSUSE Summit overview
17:05:01 <suseROCKs> wstephenson,  well... as the saying goes... if it fits... (ok I better not continue here)
17:05:15 <AlanClark> Hi wstephenson
17:05:40 <AlanClark> thanks izabelvalverde we may get into that in the overview
17:05:57 <AlanClark> #topic openSUSE Board  member update
17:06:36 <AlanClark> As hopefully everyone saw on the project mailing list, mrdocs has accepted employment with SUSE
17:06:37 <wstephenson> whose topic? does manu have to stand up on his own?
17:07:25 <AlanClark> In accordance to the election rules mrdocs has resigned his board seat.
17:07:47 <AlanClark> and will continue as an active member of the community
17:08:30 <AlanClark> As a board we would like to thank him for his time and efforts
17:09:19 <AlanClark> In accordance to the election rules the board as opted to fill the vacancy thru the next election and have announce Manu to the board seat.
17:09:34 <AlanClark> We welcome him and look forward to working with him.
17:10:04 <suseROCKs> Congratulations manugupt1
17:10:11 <manugupt1> Hi, Thanks Alan, I look forward to the same :)
17:10:15 <manugupt1> Thanks suseROCKs
17:11:29 <AlanClark> #topic openSUSE Summit overview
17:11:30 <wstephenson> (side point, can we speed this one up, i'm time poor this evening :))
17:11:55 <AlanClark> suseROCKS would you like to lead this topic?
17:13:00 <suseROCKs> Certainly, AlanClark   Thank you.
17:13:42 <suseROCKs> ok  I'm going to do a quick rundown to whet your appetites.  After this you'll wonder why you haven't signed up to go to Summiet yet!
17:14:07 <suseROCKs> The Summit begins in Orlando Florida on September 21-23.  We have just published our full schedule, although there are still some last minute changes...
17:14:24 <suseROCKs> Summit registration (which is free) gives you free access to the last day of SUSECon
17:14:51 <suseROCKs> We offer three workshops.  Packaging made ridiculously easy (how to create RPM packages) and How to work with OBS
17:15:10 <suseROCKs> Plus we offer LPI Exam Cram if you come early on Thursday and get free admission to SUSECon's workshop.
17:15:32 <suseROCKs> Friday you'll be able to take the exams at a low price.     More details will be published soon.
17:15:41 <suseROCKs> Sessions and workshops begin Friday at 2 p.m.
17:16:06 <wstephenson> suseROCKs: this is gonna be blogged soon, right?
17:16:07 <suseROCKs> Then on Friday at 5 p.m. we kick off our opening Ceremony "openSUSE Around the World" with co-hosts Michael Miller and FunkyPenguin
17:16:18 <suseROCKs> wstephenson,   Yes  tomorrow I will be publishing all this
17:16:37 <wstephenson> suseROCKs: because this package will be very tempting
17:17:05 <suseROCKs> Friday Night we have ownCloud Poolside dinner party with boat races in the pool.  Build your boat, decorate it and race it across the pond.  Win prizes!
17:17:24 <suseROCKs> And the party also includes an exclusive concert by Honduras nationally renowned musician and openSUSE user, Luis Nieto.
17:17:36 <AlanClark> That is going to be a lot of fun!
17:17:51 <suseROCKs> So pack your swimsuit, cuz you're gonna get wet!
17:18:02 <manugupt1> +1
17:18:05 <wstephenson> i am SO jealous
17:18:16 <suseROCKs> Saturday, we will have a Luau party sponsored by Omnibond (makers of OrangeFS)
17:18:24 <suseROCKs> the party includes a polynesian dance/music act.
17:18:41 <wstephenson> unfortunately even if i could bring my family, i think us immigration might object to a 9 month pregnant lady in my entourage.
17:18:54 <suseROCKs> After the performance, we invite everyone who has a musical instrument to grab the stage and blow the roof off with our very own openSUSE JAM SESSION!
17:19:43 <suseROCKs> Sunday mornng continues with more sessions, and the afternoon concludes with a general openSUSE Project meeting, where you'll get to sing praises and bitch around.  :-D
17:19:49 <suseROCKs> (no I won't say that in the blog)
17:20:12 <suseROCKs> If openSUSE motto is "Have a lot of fun!" we're aiming to be true to that motto!
17:20:17 <wstephenson> how's the programme looking?
17:20:43 <suseROCKs> good.  You can see it on http://summit.opensuse.org    We're still doing final touches but you get a general idea now.
17:21:15 <suseROCKs> Due to an unexpected scheduling conflict, we may have to change the keynote speaker session.  We will address and resolve that shortly.
17:21:40 <suseROCKs> I expect now to see a flood of registration confirmation emails from all of you  :-)
17:23:09 <suseROCKs> was this fast enough for you wstephenson?  :-)
17:23:17 <wstephenson> yes thanks
17:23:48 <wstephenson> i'm just annoyed that it scheduling conflicts with our baby #2
17:23:48 <AlanClark> There is need for some volunteer help at the summit
17:24:14 <suseROCKs> wstephenson,  you should have thought of that 9 months ago  :-)
17:24:40 * suseROCKs turns the floor over to partner-in-crime and co-chair AlanClark to discuss the volunteer stuff
17:25:05 <AlanClark> For example: for the poolside party we could use some help coordinating the contest
17:25:11 <wstephenson> suseROCKs: not more condom references please!
17:25:13 <wstephenson> ;)
17:26:14 <AlanClark> For the luau, we'd like to have an ipod with the 'right' set of music - looking for a volunteer to put that together
17:26:53 <AlanClark> If your willing to help with these or other small items send me an email.
17:26:59 <suseROCKs> FYI,  We have about 11 attendees from Central America already and they've indicated to me they'd love some Salsa music.     So include that on the playlist if you can  :-D
17:27:48 <AlanClark> suseROCKS: did we cover everything?
17:30:22 <AlanClark> ok.  We'd love to see everyone come hula!
17:30:52 <AlanClark> Anything else on this topic?
17:31:03 <wstephenson> is awafaa going to be pushing hula/bongo on us again?
17:31:47 * AlanClark remembers to bring his camera
17:32:16 <AlanClark> Any other topics for todays meeting?
17:32:23 <AlanClark> or last minute questions?
17:32:24 <wstephenson> small one from me:
17:32:31 <AlanClark> go wstephenson
17:32:42 <wstephenson> has anyone seen yaloki or knows why he is afk for a long time?
17:33:10 <wstephenson> we in the opensuse team are going to do the 12.2 banner/ticker if he doesn't this time
17:33:14 <izabelvalverde> wstephenson I called him and he is alive
17:33:18 <wstephenson> but we'd like to check
17:33:27 <manugupt1> wstephenson: Not on irc.. But he is active on mails and packman afaik
17:33:52 <wstephenson> ok, but is he project-active?
17:34:35 <izabelvalverde> he seems to be really busy on his job can't say more
17:34:46 <wstephenson> 2nd question: what does the project think of the opensuse team's new approach? we haven't seen a lot of feedback to all the planning and documents Agustin has generated
17:35:06 <wstephenson> not sure if that's a judgement or that it's all too late in the release cycle for ppl to get their heads around
17:35:54 <cboltz_> wstephenson: I'd say it's a good sign that there aren't big protests ;-)
17:36:03 <wstephenson> cboltz_: :)
17:37:31 <wstephenson> basically agustin is setting our pants on fire by making us make stuff happen, but not the engineering work and 'booster projects' outside of the release process that we've done before
17:39:31 <cboltz_> wstephenson: sounds like "new boss, new ideas" ;-)
17:39:34 <wstephenson> instead we're aiming to boost the whole release
17:39:38 <wstephenson> cboltz_: very much so
17:40:13 <suseROCKs> ok so we did have a split
17:40:13 <hendersj> Personally, I'm liking seeing the visibility of the openSUSE team and what's happening.
17:40:43 <cboltz_> boosting the release sounds like a good idea, given the delay we already have ;-)
17:40:53 <suseROCKs> the last thing I saw was AlanClark asking for volunteers.  Then everything went quiet.
17:41:34 <AlanClark> suseROCKs: now on different topic.  wstephenson is asking a couple questions
17:41:49 <wstephenson> suseROCKs: sec, pastebinnning for ya
17:42:07 <suseROCKs> yeah you're gonna have problems with the meetbot today
17:42:31 <wstephenson> suseROCKs: http://paste.opensuse.org/73273787
17:42:45 <suseROCKs> thanks
17:43:10 <AlanClark> any more feedback for wstephenson?
17:43:27 <cboltz_> wstephenson: let me ask _you_ - what do _you_ think about Augustin's new approach?
17:43:59 <suseROCKs> Yes.  Tell us what you think of your boss.  :-)
17:44:07 <suseROCKs> Everything here is private
17:45:05 <AlanClark> I give a +1 to Agustin.
17:45:23 <wstephenson> cboltz_: have you heard of the "washing machine phase" theory of organisational change?
17:45:43 <wstephenson> cboltz_: first two weeks i was in enhanced spin cycle
17:45:50 <cboltz_> not yet, but it sounds interesting ;-)
17:46:14 <wstephenson> cboltz_: but now i'm enjoying the energy and increased tempo in the office
17:46:53 <suseROCKs> nice save  :-)
17:47:56 <AlanClark> wstephenson: any other questions for the group?
17:47:57 <wstephenson> we are trying to strike a balance to boost harder, while not demotivating those not on a salary
17:48:00 <wstephenson> AlanClark: EOT
17:48:14 <manugupt1> izabelvalverde: wanted to say something too I guess
17:48:17 <wstephenson> any more Q's to the booster^Wopensuse team?
17:48:31 <manugupt1> wstephenson: Excellent work as always
17:48:35 <AlanClark> izabelvalverde:  I know that we are approaching the osc12 travel cutoff.  Any update on that front?
17:48:53 <izabelvalverde> Agustin is great! he is giving a lot of suppot for us the Travel Team!
17:49:00 <cboltz_> wstephenson: I don't think you'll demotivate someone by just doing hard work - worst thing that can happen is that a volunteer can relax because you were faster ;-)
17:50:04 <izabelvalverde> AlanClark we will work on travel request next weekend
17:50:46 <AlanClark> #info get your osc12 travel request in by next weekend
17:51:04 <izabelvalverde> AlanClark I just need to know how we should work on invitation letter case cause some people needs for VISA issues
17:51:30 <AlanClark> izabelvalverde:  Did kostas create one for osc12?
17:51:38 <izabelvalverde> AlanClark the approval/deny answer next weekend
17:52:04 <manugupt1> AlanClark: It was done by Stephanie from SUSE last year afaik
17:52:09 <izabelvalverde> AlanClark no he didn't cause this letter is to show on embassies
17:53:31 <AlanClark> izabelvalverde: I'll put this on my todo list and will follow up with you
17:53:58 <izabelvalverde> AlanClark thank you
17:54:16 <izabelvalverde> If I can help you just ping me :)
17:54:30 <AlanClark> will do!
17:55:03 <AlanClark> izabelvalverde:  Thank you and the travel team
17:55:59 <AlanClark> We are at the top of the hour, last call for questions
17:56:24 <AlanClark> 3
17:56:28 <AlanClark> 2
17:56:54 <suseROCKs> Question:  When does the meeting end?
17:57:15 <AlanClark> Thanks everyone for participating in today's meeting.  We'll meet again in 2 weeks.
17:57:21 <AlanClark> #endmeeting