<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:04:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Feb 22 18:04:09 2012 UTC.  The chair is mrdocs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:04:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:04:51 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">hugs dragotin</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:04:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> cool to see you're here!
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:05:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> buaha
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:05:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chairs </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark yaloki wstephenson FunkyPenguin mrdocs</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:05:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I am always her.e I kind of live here.
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:05:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> ...kind of
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:05:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:05:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> are you still in the office?
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> !seen dragotin
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SUSEhelp&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> dragotin said "...kind of" in #opensuse-project at Wed Feb 22 18:05:35 GMT 2012.
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:06:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> whats that magic?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:06:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Abracadabra
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:06:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> yes
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:07:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> we're all in bed together, i'm not alone. anna has a temp of 39 degrees and had to come home from nursery, so mrs bille graciously left work early so i could continue at the meeting.
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:07:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> wow
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:07:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> viruses are everywhere currently.
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:08:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> I feel with you
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:08:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i know, i am having to stay home to look after her about once a week all this month
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:08:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> wstephenson I hope she get better soon
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:08:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sounds dangerous in NUE this week.   wstephenson sick, henne injured, and jospoortvliet just simply being there...
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:08:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> its the hate february
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:08:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> there is a small patch of sick in the middle of the bed here. it's such a picture of family bliss.
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:08:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> o/
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:08:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> we finally have the advantage on henne - he can only type with one hand
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark yaloki wstephenson FunkyPenguin mrdocs</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AlanClark FunkyPenguin mrdocs wstephenson yaloki
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:09:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark yaloki wstephenson FunkyPenguin mrdocs henne</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:09:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AlanClark FunkyPenguin henne mrdocs wstephenson yaloki
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:09:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> did you find somewhere to eat? i thought hunger &amp; durst might be nice
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:09:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> henne was working on his nose again? I did not allow that while I was there...
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:09:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> if ppl haven't been there before
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:10:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> alright, apparently I'm the moderator today :)
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:10:33 </span><span class="nka">* mrdocs</span> <span class="ac">hands the baton to yaloki</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:10:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> ok, there are two items on the agenda: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> which apparently means meaningless talk... please be our master! spank us!
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:10:47 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">hides</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:11:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I added the topics :)
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:11:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and AlanClark just added a third one which we discussed today during the board face to face meeting
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:11:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> do you want to present our meeting reboot plan first?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:11:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> one just because Jos spread all around
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:11:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay, let's start with that one
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:11:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Project meeting timing</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:12:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay, so we decided to shift the project+board IRC meeting to 20:00 UTC
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and with a duration of maximum one hour
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:12:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> +1 for me
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:12:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> if it takes longer you do WHAT exactly?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:12:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> we'll try to prioritize items in order to do some first, and if there is overflow, it's for the next meeting or through the mailing-list
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:12:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> well fine with me
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:13:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> we believe that we need some serious timeboxing in order to not put people off wrt participating here
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> alright
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:13:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> background being, project meeting rumbles on too long, and later is better for those with kids and those in the americas
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:13:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Hey I mean but not good for asians
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:13:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> yes, and we will try hard for the discussion to stay focused
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:13:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> yes, but there is no solution to that, if you have a proposal, please send on the project list
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:14:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> It was already pretty late for me and it will be even more late
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:14:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> swings and roundabouts. recruit more asians and we'll have to go the other way :)
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:14:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> what time is it there now ?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:14:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I would suggest the current timing is good
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:14:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Then people need to show up 10 minutes early to get the customary chit-chat out of the way ;)
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:14:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> yep, well, that's the drawback of using IRC for meetings, it'll never be perfect for everyone
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:14:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 2345
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:14:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> current timing doesn't work well for most board members
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:14:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> +1 hehehe
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:14:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> look at it this way, if it is only 1 hour long then it will occupy the second hour of the previous marathon meetings.
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:14:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> lol
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:15:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Conference</span>
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:15:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> a vote ?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:15:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> Its too late for me.. Its 0100 hours anyways
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:15:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> nope
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:15:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> NP :)
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:15:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I think izabelvalverde added the item about the openSUSE Conference
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:15:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> ^^
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:15:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and I assume it relates to the one in europe/prague :)
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:15:40 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson</span> <span class="ac">sends manugupt1 some coffee</span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:15:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I also assume it is in order to get a status update :)
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:15:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> yaloki exactly
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:16:17 </span><span class="nka">* yaloki</span> <span class="ac">hands the stage to AlanClark</span>
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:16:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I can give some update to the venue search.  If Pavol is here he could provide update on the program and other planning
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:16:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> *prod*
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:16:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> here
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:17:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> ops sorry!
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:17:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We sent our an RFP to the locations that Paval suggested in the wiki
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:17:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> 2300 UTC will be very late here o.O
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:17:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> more asians I guess
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:18:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> 2000UTC
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:18:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I have a big detailed email from Michael detailing the responses from those venues
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I haven't had time to go through the details yet
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:18:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> but
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:18:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> oops. my bad. still late :(
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:19:05 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">goes to look up the venue names</span>
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:19:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> prusnak Can you commit to a date when you will have this nailed down?
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:19:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> do we have dates?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> that depends on venue availability
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:20:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> 2 of the venues are not available
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:20:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:20:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> if by "this" you mean venue, then it's being taken care of by alan and michael
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:20:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> 2 of the venues do not exactly fit the requirements that we are looking for
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:20:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so we are going to have to make a decision on either less room or no beer
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:20:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:20:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> OK, yes "this" == dates &amp; venue
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:21:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> np, less space more beer
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:21:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> let's hope for good weather and lots of space around the venue, outside :)
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:22:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I believe the next step is for me to review with prusnak the venues
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:22:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> pardon ... what's the impact of beer availability about?
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:22:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> many talks happening at the same time was one of the complains
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:22:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> yes, i would like to see the response from the venues
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:24:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> prusnak - I'm traveling the rest this week.  let's get together on Monday.
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:24:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> But what does it all mean? Will the venue search drag out another couple of month or are we getting closer to getting it nailed down and announcing the time and place?
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:25:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> could you please send me an email soon so i can be prepared to discuss on monday?
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> yes am forwarding now
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:26:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:26:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> shouldn't be the case, as we're pretty much left with a single option right now
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:26:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'll also try to update the wiki so that everyone can see the updated data
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:26:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> now, if that simply won't work, well, then..
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:27:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Everything just appears so vague one has to wonder if we'll ever get there
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:27:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   In their defense, they're acting much earlier in time-frame than we did last year for oSC2011...
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:27:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> would you be able to check out the location ?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:28:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:28:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i've been to most of them before already
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:28:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> well if it's fine by prusnak, then we can go on with the contract
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:28:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:28:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> robjo  I understand and would like to see us get the venue settle as well.   I also think we can push ahead with other planning.
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:28:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I'm sure prusnak knows what kind of configuration would work and what wouldn't :)
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:29:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> we need to get the program committee and others formed.  we could be doing that now
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:29:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and artwork :D
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:29:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> true, indeed
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:29:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> after having seen the awesome stuff anditosan did for the openSUSE Summit, I want him to do the oSC - I made something but it ain't very good :D
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:30:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay, does anyone feel like owning that topic, to make a call for a conference program committee ?
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:31:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i'll do it
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:31:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Well, we also need to argue about a theme/motto etc. all of this takes time. Of course the theme argument could start now as well.
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:31:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> purrfect
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:31:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> good man
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:31:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> \o/
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:31:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">prusnak call out for a conference program team</span>
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:31:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i guess i'll talk to henne about cfp@opensuse.org
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:31:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:31:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> and we can use that email for coordinating stuff
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:31:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Travel Support Program</span>
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:31:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> I'll help with the program
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:31:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> or do we have something better?
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:32:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I'd say the program committee can set the theme, it's their thing :D
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:32:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> conference@o.o
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:32:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> anyway, next topic
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:32:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> how will "overload" of cfp list work for the summit and osc?
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:32:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> not sure i understand
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:32:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> ah, henne's other hand says it's opensuse-conference@o.o
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:32:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Opensuse-conference
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:32:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> imho shouldn't be a huge issue. If it turns out to be confusing, we create a new list :D
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:32:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Conference</span>
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:33:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> imho
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:33:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 3
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:33:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 2
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:33:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> no more lists ;)
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:33:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 1
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:33:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> next topic
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> pavol can organize a kick off meeting etc
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:33:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Travel Support Program</span>
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:33:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Are we on the 1 hour schedule already for today?
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:33:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> did you add it to give a status update ?
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:33:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> we're trying :)
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:33:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I'll make sure, yes :)
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:34:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I'm hungry. Hence, yes. :D
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:34:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> +1 me too
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:34:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> yours. How do you feel it is going?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:34:39 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">thinks the whole world is hungry</span>
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:34:49 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">is thirsty</span>
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:34:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> on topic
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:35:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> or I kick :)
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:35:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> i poked her via skype
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:35:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> she was on just a couple of mins ago
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:35:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> let's give her a few more seconds or we'll move it to the next meeting
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:35:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> While she comes can we move on to gsoc update
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:35:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> or do it later on
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:35:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> That saves time
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:36:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay, last time
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:36:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> from the next meeting on, if it's not on the agenda, it won't be in the meeting :)
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:36:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">gsoc update</span>
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:36:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> go ahead, manu
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:36:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. GSoC applications will start next weeks
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:36:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> so we really need ideas, and mentors
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:37:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> This is a call and by the way I think ownCloud will particpate in gsoc along with us
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:37:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Also I had a question about the money that we get from gsoc
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:37:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Which is a lot imo, what do we do about it?
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:37:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Its 500usd per project
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:37:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> we can do the money same as last year
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:37:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> didn't we use it to help fund oSC travel last year?
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:37:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> No
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:38:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> how do you mean, "owncloud will participate in gsoc along with us" ?
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:38:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> It was given to Google
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:38:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> I asked frank for ideas and he said he will mentor
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:38:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> nope
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:38:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span>  no it wasn't
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:38:41 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">did not know that</span>
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:38:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> we collected the monies from Google.  2k went to the mentors to reimburse their travel
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:39:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> The rest of the monies were applied to osc travel
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:39:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> and osc costs
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:39:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> link to gsoc ideas page pls :D
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:39:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> thanks so we can do that I guess again
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:39:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:GSOC_2012_Ideas#GSOC_2012_Idea_list
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:39:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so you need to work with me so that we can get signed up to collect the funds
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:39:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Please people start pinging again
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:39:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> sure
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:39:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Thats it for me
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:39:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay, thank you
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:40:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Travel Support Program</span>
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:40:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> you're here? :)
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:40:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 3
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:40:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> next
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:40:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 2
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:40:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 1
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:40:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
