=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by AlanClark at 17:15:21 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2012/opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* osc12  (AlanClark, 17:17:41)
  * osc12 cfp will close on July 30  (AlanClark, 17:35:49)
  * robjo and manugupt1 will take care of announcements about end of CfP
    (|miska|, 17:38:11)
  * ACTION: robjo will write first announcment, manugupt1will post it to
    news.o.o, hendersj will make sure it gets posted to forums
    (AlanClark, 17:38:18)
  * ACTION: manugupt1 will post 2nd announcement after July 20th - for
    final push for CFPs  (AlanClark, 17:38:55)
  * ACTION: AlanClark to update conference.opensuse.org with TTP info
    (AlanClark, 17:54:55)
  * ACTION: manugupt1 and AlanClark to post TTP announce to news.
    (AlanClark, 17:55:08)
  * ACTION: toscalix_ to work on the brochure and will discuss with
    izabel  (AlanClark, 18:02:00)
  * ACTION: AlanClark to intro toscalix_ and izabel  (AlanClark,
    18:02:42)
  * ACTION: AlanClark will update the todo wiki page with the action
    items from today's meeting  (AlanClark, 18:08:55)
  * ACTION: AlanClark to add transportation planning to the todo list
    (AlanClark, 18:20:23)
  * ACTION: |miska| to create a wiki page for people to write from where
    they are going to share a travel costs  (AlanClark, 18:29:01)
  * need travel requests submitted by August 20  (AlanClark, 18:32:10)
  * ACTION: announce on news. first week of August travel request
    deadlines  (AlanClark, 18:34:33)
  * ACTION: include hotel information with travel announcement
    (AlanClark, 18:37:55)
  * ACTION: AlanClark will follow up with Izabel regarding travel
    request deadlines and posting to .news  (AlanClark, 18:41:09)
  * ACTION: |miska| to ask #opensuse-artwork for help create badges to
    promote conferences  (AlanClark, 18:48:56)



Meeting ended at 18:56:40 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* AlanClark
  * AlanClark to update conference.opensuse.org with TTP info
  * manugupt1 and AlanClark to post TTP announce to news.
  * AlanClark to intro toscalix_ and izabel
  * AlanClark will update the todo wiki page with the action items from
    today's meeting
  * AlanClark to add transportation planning to the todo list
  * AlanClark will follow up with Izabel regarding travel request
    deadlines and posting to .news
* hendersj
  * robjo will write first announcment, manugupt1will post it to
    news.o.o, hendersj will make sure it gets posted to forums
* manugupt1
  * robjo will write first announcment, manugupt1will post it to
    news.o.o, hendersj will make sure it gets posted to forums
  * manugupt1 will post 2nd announcement after July 20th - for final
    push for CFPs
  * manugupt1 and AlanClark to post TTP announce to news.
* robjo
  * robjo will write first announcment, manugupt1will post it to
    news.o.o, hendersj will make sure it gets posted to forums
* toscalix_
  * toscalix_ to work on the brochure and will discuss with izabel
  * AlanClark to intro toscalix_ and izabel
* |miska|
  * |miska| to create a wiki page for people to write from where they
    are going to share a travel costs
  * |miska| to ask #opensuse-artwork for help create badges to promote
    conferences
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * announce on news. first week of August travel request deadlines
  * include hotel information with travel announcement



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* |miska| (126)
* AlanClark (86)
* toscalix_ (58)
* robjo (40)
* manugupt1 (19)
* suseROCKs (16)
* tampakrap (8)
* hendersj (5)
* cboltz (4)
* bugbot (3)
* anditosan (3)
* differentreality (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4