<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by yaloki at 20:05:15 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-05-16-20.05.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Forum infrastructure stability</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-05-16-20.05.log.html#l-9'>yaloki</a>, 20:06:21)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Documenting the New Branding and design guidelines. Wiki, or similar setup. (by art team)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-05-16-20.05.log.html#l-24'>yaloki</a>, 20:08:41)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Revising and managing the artwork pages (by art team)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-05-16-20.05.log.html#l-45'>yaloki</a>, 20:11:28)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Brief mention of the possible new widget style for opensuse  (by art team)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-05-16-20.05.log.html#l-49'>yaloki</a>, 20:11:41)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">handling of SLE12 bugs (make them public?)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-05-16-20.05.log.html#l-54'>yaloki</a>, 20:11:56)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">jospoortvliet
    prod AJ about some sort of statement/opinion/decision about changing
    the policy for SLE12 bugs, to make them public</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-05-16-20.05.log.html#l-94'>yaloki</a>,
    20:16:52)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Documenting the New Branding and design guidelines. Wiki, or similar setup. (by art team)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-05-16-20.05.log.html#l-95'>yaloki</a>, 20:17:03)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span
    class="INFO">http://kde-look.org/content/show.php/Domino?content=42804</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-05-16-20.05.log.html#l-166'>tigerfoot</a>,
    20:29:55)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Incomplete upgrade of mediawiki instance and problems related to it</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-05-16-20.05.log.html#l-181'>yaloki</a>, 20:37:53)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Artwork in 12.2</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-05-16-20.05.log.html#l-196'>yaloki</a>, 20:42:07)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:55:40 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-05-16-20.05.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>jospoortvliet prod AJ about some sort of statement/opinion/decision about changing the policy for SLE12 bugs, to make them public</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> jospoortvliet <ol>
    <li>jospoortvliet prod AJ about some sort of statement/opinion/decision about changing the policy for SLE12 bugs, to make them public</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>yaloki (64)</li>
  <li>it-s (53)</li>
  <li>tigerfoot (47)</li>
  <li>anditosan (15)</li>
  <li>AlanClark (13)</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet (13)</li>
  <li>cboltz (11)</li>
  <li>bugbot (3)</li>
  <li>mrdocs (3)</li>
  <li>benJIman (2)</li>
  <li>victorhck (2)</li>
  <li>BManojlovic (1)</li>
  <li>_wstephenson (0)</li>
  <li>FunkyPenguin (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
