=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by mrdocs at 20:18:08 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2012/opensuse-project.2012-06-13-20.18.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* temuu Sticker request  (mrdocs, 20:19:03)
  * ACTION: take up on board ML and report back  (mrdocs, 20:19:25)

* Welcoming Ambassadors  (mrdocs, 20:19:54)
  * ACTION: terrorpup to contact the membership team  (mrdocs, 20:29:10)

* Meeting times  (mrdocs, 20:29:19)
  * ACTION: mrdocs to add meeting time as  a topic for the next meeting
    (mrdocs, 20:46:12)
  * 1500, 1700 or 1800 UTC as preferred meeting times  (mrdocs,
    20:46:29)
  * ACTION: mrdocs bring up on list  (Bille_home, 20:49:02)

* Q and A  (mrdocs, 20:49:33)



Meeting ended at 20:59:38 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* mrdocs
  * mrdocs to add meeting time as  a topic for the next meeting
  * mrdocs bring up on list
* terrorpup
  * terrorpup to contact the membership team



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* mrdocs (44)
* terrorpup (31)
* Bille_home (27)
* jospoortvliet (21)
* malcolmlewis (11)
* hendersj (5)
* cboltz (4)
* bugbot (2)
* amon0thoth1 (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4