<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:16:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting  </span><span class="cmdline">Summit Program Committee Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:16:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Thu Mar  1 15:16:36 2012 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:16:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:16:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark robjo</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:16:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AlanClark robjo suseROCKs
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:17:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hoping wstephenson or Bille can join us
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:17:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">agenda:</span> openSUSE:Summit_Program_Committee
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:17:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Summit_Program_Committee#Proposed_Agenda
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:18:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think you all have already reviewed this.  Any objections/suggestions to it before we proceed?
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:18:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> at the end of the meeting will you update that page?
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:18:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> not from me
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:18:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> absolutely, AlanClark
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:18:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok lets' go
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:18:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> as well as contact any relevant people on it.
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:19:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic  </span><span class="topicline">Update Status</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:19:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we've been a bit slow in communication because we don't have unified communicaiton yet.    Henne is still awaiting the SUSE MTA admin to notify us that our ML is ready
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:20:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that's really all the status I have right now  :-)
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:20:20 </span><span class="nka">* robjo</span> <span class="ac">has done nothing</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok then we move on to next topic...
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:20:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we should not have yet another ML
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:20:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> lets use the conference ML that already exists
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:21:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   umm   for the CFP, yes we need it.    There's a lot of flurry of email that is coming soon once CFP opens
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:21:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> but we have the ML, used it last year for osc11, no need for a new one
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:21:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   conference has two ML's currently,   conference@ and cfp@.     There will be huge confusion as pointed out by several people already when paper submissions get mixed up for both events
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:21:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   you used the cfp ML?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:22:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I used cfp ML to submit my talk last year for osc11
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:22:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   but the CFP Ml itself was high traffic for those of us who were on the CFP team
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:23:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CFP ML wasn't just to send submissions it was also to discuss a lot of things.
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:23:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Is it really too difficult for people to prefix with [summitt] or [osc12]
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:23:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> need to remember that the cfp is a very targeted 'temporary list
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:23:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   you really think people are going to remember to tag their subject line?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:24:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> seems tagging subject lines is more work than simply sending an email to ML+subscribe@ once
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:24:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> how long do we plan to keep cfp for the summit open?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:24:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,  that's going to be one of the topics today.  We need to set up a date for open/close
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:24:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think there will be overlap for certain things and thus you end up discussing the same stuff on 2 lists, not iedeal
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:24:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but even after close, we have a lot of work to do on the team
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:25:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   how do you see cfp being overlapped on both events?
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:25:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> two very different programs
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:25:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, then. Lets rename the existing list to cfp-osc and have a new one cfp-summit
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:26:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> hopefully these can then be re-used in the future and hopefully we will not have to plan 3 events at the same time.
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:26:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,  that's already in the request queue.  We're just waiting for the MTA Admin to report back to henne
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:26:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, sorry for the noice
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:26:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no problem  :-)
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:26:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> next topic...
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:27:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> more lists to keep track of, argh
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:27:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic  </span><span class="topicline">What is our target audience/focus?</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:27:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think this should be similar to osc, we should focus on community
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:27:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> some things brought up in past IRC discussions:
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:27:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> a great opportunity to fly in folks from Central America, Mexico and Canada, not just focused on US.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:27:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> appeal for new contributors who are in florida to join just for this event
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:27:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> more of the uber-techs are in EU than in US
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:27:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> who would a marketing event speak to? susecon attendees staying on? press? suse fans who are not contributors?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:28:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I gues the real question is ...  who are the most likely people to attend the Summit.
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:28:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> our audience is: ambassadors, users, LUG members, new contributors
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:28:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> right, as in I don't see it being very developer-focused.  At least not this first year.
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:29:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I could be wrong though
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:29:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> plus existing contributors and maybe some hold over people from SUSECon
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:29:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> right, I'm hoping we have a clearer picture of who those SUSECon holdoves are in the near future
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:30:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   Does SUSE plan to ship European SUSEans enmasse to SUSECon?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:30:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Don't turn it into a marketing mush fest
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:30:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   I'm actually thinking of it more as a HowTo Fest.   Give people real hands on training experiences and whatnot
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:30:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> There will be EU SUSEans but not the whole crew
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:31:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Maybe we should agree on tracks, and then the target falls out from that?
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:31:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I propose to have a "Packaging/OBS/Factory" track
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:31:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the other thing to think about is our goal of making this a bi-lingual event as there are many Central Americans who are interested in attending if it has some spanish-language talks.
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:31:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> A community focused track
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:32:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> and a whatever else track
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:32:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   how many session rooms will we have?
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:32:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> as many as we want
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:32:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I want 72!
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:32:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I would suggest 3 tracks
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:33:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so...
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:33:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I also think that not every track has to have acitivities from 9-5
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:33:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Community, OBS, HowTos?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OBS should be howtos
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:33:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Do we want to attract talks from other Projects that are not directly-openSUSE?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:34:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> that would fall into the "Whatever else" category I proposed
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:34:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> let me modify what i wrote suggesting 3 tracks to 3 concurrent session rooms
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:35:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> lets not schedule this just yet, I think the tracks idea is a good and proven format
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:35:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we should use it
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:35:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,  we're not to the scheduling part yet,  but tracks set up is important, yes
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:35:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> robjo - my point being we don't have to target a full day to a topic
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:36:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> im agreeing with defining tracks
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:36:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The "whatever" as you call it,   That's kind of important as that is going to impact how we promote the Summit.     Are we in agreement that we want external talks too?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:36:39 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">not sure on the external talks</span>
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:36:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> Agreed, that's why I said, "not every track has to have session from 9-5"
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:37:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> why not external, GNOME, KDE, cloud, ...whatever?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:37:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok, I was just going to ask as to the definition of external.  I'm good with Gnome, kde, cloud
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:38:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> "Whatever" is also a good track to have sponsor talks, if we find any
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:38:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> it would expand our potential sponsorship base, that's for sure.
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:38:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but at the same time, we technically only have about 1 1/2 days of actual session time plus we're not sure how many people will actually come to the show  :-)
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:38:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Summit is going to be *much* shorter than oSC
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:39:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> yes, that's a good thing we have to find fewer speakers ;)
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:39:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I doubt we'll have trouble finding speakers.   :-)
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:40:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> In the end it might show that we only want 1 day of sessions and use Fr afternoon for group stuff
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:40:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Lets nail down the tracks
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:40:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Friday is likely to only be group stuff.  I seriously doubt we can really have decent sessions on that day
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:41:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   Also, I was thinking we can reduce sessions by having a panel discussion.
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:41:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I like the 3 robjo proposed, with some wordsmithing for the actual titles
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:41:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> "Hands On -- OBS, Factory, Packaging", "Community", "Whatever"
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:41:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> For example, we can invite City of Largo, MHP, FreedomVoice to sit on a panel talking about the great use of oepnSUSE in their environments instead of each company doing their own session
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:41:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Yes panel discussion would be good for Fr afternoon, this would be "group stuff"
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:42:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> in other words, I think we can come up with some good session consolidation ideas.
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:42:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we'll have a clearer picture of what should go where when we hear from people
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:43:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think we can worry about consolidation once we have proposal for talks
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:43:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yes
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:43:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> wordsmithing.....go
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:43:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so in one or two sentences, what is the focus of this Summit?
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:44:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> robjo - I don't have a better wordsmithing proposal at the moment.  have to let the brain kick that around for awhile; mostly the "whatever"
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:45:09 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">rambling thought:</span>
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:45:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The Summit aims to bring together the community in the Americas region to collaborate and mobilize together...
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:45:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wow that looks awful  :-)
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:46:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> But a good start,
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:46:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> That line kind of excludes the external though
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:46:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> use "openSUSE community"
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:47:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> or openSUSE and open source community
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:47:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> for example, on my blog I had one responder from ubuntu community who said he couldn't wait to go to our Summit.
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:47:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I think this is too much american and could make hard to attract ppl from outside of US
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:47:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   "Americas" indicates more than US.
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:47:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ...providing hands on training,  open discussion and training
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:48:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> North America, Central America, South America
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:48:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we could change Americas to Western Hemisphere?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:49:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> how about leaving the word out of the statement?
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:49:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> and ppl from EU, Asia, ...? excluded?
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:50:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   Summit is meant to be more regional.  The main conference for global is still openSUSE Conference
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:50:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:50:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   Some day I hope we have multiple Summits worldwide.
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:50:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Summit-NA, Summit-SA, Summit-ASIA, etc.
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:51:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet seems awake,  we should be pulling him into this discussion.  :-)
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:52:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ok so parts to incorporate into the Focus:
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">15:52:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> let's write down the 3 topics and focus statement and keep going on the agenda
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">15:52:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.  Regional  (agreed?)
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">15:52:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2.  Community
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">15:52:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3. HowTos
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">15:53:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> add to this bullet list please and then we'll move on...
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">15:53:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> How about this:
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">15:53:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The openSUSE Summit aims to bring together the community in the Americas region to colaborate, meet new people, and provide an open and inviting atmosphere for those interested in open source.
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">15:54:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> That's a good and safe statement.
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">15:54:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> doesn't limit us nor overextend us.  :-)
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">15:54:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> robjo's good
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">15:54:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> did we ever doubt it?  :-)
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">15:55:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I'm liking it and AlanClark seems to as well, so we can move on to next topic
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">15:55:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Summit Program Schedule</span>
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">15:56:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If you look at the agenda, you'll note the important dates we need to agree on.
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">15:56:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh wait...
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">15:56:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no, we're skipping Program Schedule until we know more what people submit to us...
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">15:56:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> move on to next topic:
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">15:56:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We're on #3, no important dates yet
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">15:56:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Set up Milestone Dates</span>
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">15:56:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> This is the one I actually meant.
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">15:57:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> why are we skipping #3?
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">15:57:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,  because as you pointed out earlier, knowing what goes where on which days depends on who responds to our CFP
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">15:57:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> but we can cover a general format
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">15:57:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok...
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">15:57:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#undo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">15:57:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Removing item from minutes: &lt;MeetBot.items.Topic object at 0x1defc50&gt;
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">15:57:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> +1
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">15:58:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Summit Program Schedule</span>
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">15:58:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yes, I agree with AlanClark - you guys should have a very good idea of what you want so you can ask the right speakers and have an easier time picking and scheduling them...
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">15:58:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sorry, my brain must be fried  :-)
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">15:58:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We should open with a welcome keynote
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">15:58:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> obviously...
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">15:58:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> what about ending your proposal with something more open and not so closed to open source interested ppl
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">15:59:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we know that we don't get the facilities until 3 p.m. Friday,  right AlanClark?
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">15:59:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I mean, maybe we have some ppl that are not interested but forced involved with open source
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">15:59:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I believe SUSECon will end about 1 or 2pm.
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">15:59:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> a LITTLE more high-level: do we want 3 tracks? Do we want simultaneous tracks at ALL? I've seen confs doing just one room with a smaller number of really good talks... works good too.
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">15:59:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> But they can't go deep, of coruse
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">15:59:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> They will have a closing keynote
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">16:00:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> we alreday agreed on 3 tracks, you missed that part of the meeting ;)
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">16:00:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> aw ok...
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">16:00:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> maybe something like "and provide an open and inviting atmosphere for those interested or involved with open source"
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">16:00:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   but so much of that is impacted by what is currently unknown:   1)  How many speakers will submit proposals and 2) How many people will attend the Summit.
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">16:00:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If only 50 people go, its silly to have 17 tracks.  :-)
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">16:00:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> fine with me.
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">16:01:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> so I suggest, with robjo, keynote at about 3pm, then 3 tracks with preferably technical stuff until 5 (so 2 sessions per track) to attrackt people from the SUSE Summit to stay longer. Then some food &amp; party stuff I;d say!
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">16:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> why does jospoortvliet  always say "attrackt"?  Does he speak German or something??
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">16:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> yeah yeah typo
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">16:02:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I would suggest one session after the keynote, then a "group event" that leads into the party
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">16:02:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> one session per track
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">16:02:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm a bit iffy about putting too much expectation on Friday because of travel considerations.
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">16:02:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> people *might* not arrive until Friday night, due to work.
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">16:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> a number of people will stay after SUSE Con. At the very least the SUSE people...
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">16:03:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Summitt starts in the afternoon, everyone flying for the summit should be able to get there on time, everyone staying longer would have the chance to at least attend one session
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">16:03:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Hopefully the register-early and you get to attend last day of SUSECon perk will help a lot
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">16:03:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> which will be at least 20 or so I think.
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">16:03:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I hope so  :-)
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">16:03:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span>  you mean just one track after the keynote on friday?
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">16:04:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> with 'just' I mean less than three, not 'I don't think it is enough' ;-)
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">16:04:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> no 1 session per track, i.e. 3 simultaneous talks
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">16:04:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> can we worry about that once we actually have proposals?
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">16:04:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> what we need to figure out first and foremost is what hours we actually have...   Ok  so Friday we have 3.p.m. to (end of night)
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">16:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Saturday is all day
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">16:05:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,  Do we actually have Sunday available?
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">16:05:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I would suggest that we hold a keynote on on Saturday.    They will keep the stage up for us on Saturday
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">16:05:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> SUSE has to be out Sunday evening
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">16:05:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> And if so,  should Sunday be allday or end a little early  (3p.m.) for travel considerations.
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">16:05:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so we can do stuff Sunday morning, but they will be tearing down around us
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">16:06:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">keynote:</span> 3-3:45, talks 4:00-4:45, group event 5:00 - ... then party, that's my proposal for Friday
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">16:06:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   Ok  we can work around that
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">16:06:58 </span><span class="nka">* robjo</span> <span class="ac">suggest going all day Saturday</span>
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">16:07:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We have the stage on Saturday - They want ot tear down that room on Saturday afternoon
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">16:07:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> lets not worry too much about when people will arrive or leave
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">16:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info   </span><span class="cmdline">Summit begins Friday, Sept 21 at 3 p.m. and ends approximately 2-3 p.m. Sunday, Sept 23</span>
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">16:07:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh AlanClark   can't we keep the stage Sat night?   Might be useful for our party time
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">16:07:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> +1 on the keynote on Saturday
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">16:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> There is a second room that they are targeting for us to use for party
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">16:09:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> +1 for Keynote on Saturday, good point
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">16:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that's the room where jospoortvliet will be bbq inside the hotel, right?  :-)
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">16:10:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Need to plan for a closing "speech", thus there should one larger room still available on Sunday
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">16:10:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'm still checking on the bbq options.  Am waiting for Alexia to visit the site
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">16:10:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> for "Closing" I'd actually propose we do a "Wrapup session" instead.
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">16:11:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> an open format  "What did you think of this year's Summit and what do you want to see next time" at the end would be more effective than some closing speech.
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">16:11:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> "Next steps session" instead of "Wrapup session" ?
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">16:12:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we don't want our attendees to feel like drones, but rather like actually getting involved and invested before they go home.
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">16:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I mean, letting a kind of "keep going" as the last and closing session
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">16:12:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   That's usually referred to as a wrapup term
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">16:12:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> "next steps" assumes we have a pre-defined agenda and thus attendees feel they're following rather than leading.
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">16:13:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, here is a rough outline I think we agree on, correct?
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">16:13:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Opening keynote
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">16:13:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - 1 session per track
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">16:13:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - Group event (community meeting....)
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">16:13:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - Party
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">16:13:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Saturday:
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">16:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - Opening keynote
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">16:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - sessions per track
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">16:13:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - party
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">16:13:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Sunday:
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">16:13:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - session per track
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">16:13:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> - Group wrapup session
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">16:13:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Looks good!
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">16:13:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> nice
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">16:14:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> That should do it for #3 on the agenda then?
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">16:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think so,  let's move on to #4
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">16:14:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Set up Milestone Dates</span>
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">16:14:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> ok with this?
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">16:15:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">16:15:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> is pretty much what I had proposed initiailly
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">16:15:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The most important thing we need to figure out immediately is when do we wish to open and close the CFP
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">16:16:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Lets work backwards for the closing date
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">16:16:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I propose we open CFP applications from May 1 to July 1.
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">16:16:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> or April 15 to July 1.
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">16:16:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ηευ τηερε
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">16:17:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> hey there
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">16:17:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> !en @ warlordfff
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">16:17:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SUSEhelp&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> See http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:IRC_list for other language channels - here's English only.
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">16:17:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> start of summit is the 21st, we need to give people at least 1 month notice of acceptance, or do we need more, 6 weeks?
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">16:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   the earlier the better, but not too early
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">16:17:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> it was english, written in Greek
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">16:17:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">16:18:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> ok 6 weeks
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">16:18:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> That's why, based on last year CFP experience, July 1 is a good closing date with 2 weeks for us to evaluate and approve
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">16:18:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span>  any news on a date for Prague?
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">16:18:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   meeting...
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">16:18:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> let's hold that for after this meeting
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">16:18:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> oups
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">16:18:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">16:19:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> why not Aug,1?
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">16:19:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> too near of the event?
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">16:19:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> if you already worked it out can you share how you arrived at July 1st?
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">16:19:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I don't like dates that are pulled out of thin air.
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">16:19:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   Aug 1 is too late for people who want to make travel plans early.  The closer the date to travel to Florida, the more expensive
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">16:20:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   Ok,  so here's what typically happens after we close CFP...
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">16:20:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> thanks
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">16:20:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Team reviews all proposals.   And tries to organize them into sessions and tracks.
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">16:20:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We then send an acceptance notice to speakers.   We also ask them to confirm they still plan to attend
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">16:20:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> That's "First round"
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">16:21:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> from the list of rejected, we have some that are on "second chance".
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">16:21:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> For those that answered back in first round that they cannot make it after all, we then do second round to promote some rejected into accepted.
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">16:21:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So there's generally a three week turnaround from CFP close to completion of Program
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">16:22:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Then we need the ample time to advertise to the world our Program because some people wont' register to attend a conference until they see the Program first.
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">16:22:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> sorry to interrupt, I think I have a reasonable understanding of the process. I am asking how much time did you allot for the various phases to arrive at July 1st?
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">16:23:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> and if does we have any second round turned from denyed to accepted, and this one rejects or decline for any reason?
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">16:23:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,  I arrived at July 1 to give potential speaker proposals a wide berth of time to submit, but also to give us the ample time after closing on July 1 to prepare our Program
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">16:23:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> this had ever happen before?
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">16:23:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> one reminder - it took us longer to create the program from the cfp last year becuase of the tools.  let's make sure we keep a buffter so we aren't paniced
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">16:23:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,    what?  Can you rephrase your question?
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">16:24:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,  yes,  it happens that people submit to many conferences and then after accept decide which conferences to go to.   It's quite normal out there.
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">16:24:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> suppose that a second round "winner" decline
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">16:24:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, lets work forward then to see if July 1st works.
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">16:24:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   You're over-engineering  :-)
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">16:24:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> what do we do to fix, there is a 3rd round?
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">16:24:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   No  we keep going down the list of rejected in second round until someone says yes
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">16:25:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> ok, I got the point ;) too much troublefind and troubleshooting :D
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">16:25:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The rejected list will be very long already.
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">16:25:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> CFP close July 1st, plus 5 weeks to get papers selected, tracks organized etc. that puts us at August 5
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">16:25:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> right
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">16:25:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> This gives us 7 weeks to the conference start
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">16:26:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 7 weeks of travel arrangements, plus 7 weeks of promotion potentials, plus...   :-)
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">16:26:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> That's enough for speakers to make arrangements, but is it enough for those that wait for the program to register and make travel arrangements?
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">16:26:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think not.
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">16:27:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   so you're proposing earlier closing date?
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">16:27:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Yes, I don't think 7 weeks is enough
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">16:27:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so what do you propose as the closing date then?
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">16:28:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> to get decent a decent fare one has to make reservation about 4 weeks in advance.
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">16:28:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> June 15 is about as early as I'd be willing to support.
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">16:28:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thus this leaves only 3 weeks for those that wait for the program to make up their mind
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">16:28:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> people are slow.....
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">16:28:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes, and there's already in issue of travel costs considering it is in September and still peak travel season
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">16:29:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> June 15 then?
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">16:29:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> April 15-June 15?
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">16:29:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> March 30 to start?
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">16:30:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2 1/2 month open Period then...
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">16:30:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Or does it take us more than a month to beat indico and the ML into shape?
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">16:30:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Yeah I could go for that.
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">16:30:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> nah we'll be ready by then
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">16:30:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I like it
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">16:30:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">CFP March 30 - June 15</span>
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">16:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so Program team committee seems in consensus now for March 30-June 15 as the CFP open period
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">16:31:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so there are some other dates we want to consider for the Summit milestones, but we can actually discuss most of them as we go along.
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">16:31:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but we should at least commit to a date when we will publicly announce our Program.
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">16:32:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Do you have a specific date in mind, robjo?
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">16:32:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> June 15 + 5 weeks
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">16:33:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> July 23
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">16:33:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlanClark,   You agree with that?
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">16:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> That gives us an extra weekend, just in case ;)
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">16:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I was thinking a mid July
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">16:33:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> but am ok with July 23
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">16:33:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and if we happen to finish before July 23, even better.  :-)
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">16:34:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> July 23 is basically our "absolute must be done by" date.
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">16:34:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok,
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">16:34:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Yes, no one will complain if we announce the program early
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">16:34:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info   </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Summit Program must be completed and publicly published by July 23.</span>
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">16:35:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so how about we address the other milestone dates as we go along?
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">16:35:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we can wrap up today's meeting
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">16:35:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> One more I think we need to agree on today
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">16:35:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">16:35:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We should announce the tracks 1 week prior to CFP opening.
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">16:36:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> That's a good point.  I like that
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">16:36:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The we get a little buzz early and re-enforce a week later when we announce CFP
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">16:36:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> good idea robjo
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">16:36:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm actually going to leave that to the Promotion team, incl. jospoortvliet to work on what the press release stuff will include.
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">16:37:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Yes, what's in the PR is there problem, but we should set the dates.
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">16:37:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm going to ensure I give full details of today's meeting to that team, which includes Jos, Mike Mc Callister and Amie
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">16:37:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> s/there/their/
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">16:37:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> exactly
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">16:37:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we now have something useful for them to work with  :-)
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">16:37:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok now I have one last bit of advice before we close...
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">16:38:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> As Program team, we should not completely rely on waiting to see who submits what...
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">16:38:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Alright then, AI for AlanClark, wordsmith "whatever" by the 21st at the latest ;)
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">16:38:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> In other words, if we think there's a good topic to cover, we should enter it in Indico and then strive to find an appropriate speaker to match up to the topic.
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">16:38:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> This worked very well for us in oSC last year when I created several "placeholder" topics
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">16:39:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> +1
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">16:39:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> whatever ;-)
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">16:39:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so please don't feel completely reliant on waiting for others to submit.  We're theprogram committee, we have the vision to create the show
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">16:39:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and that's a wrap, if no one opposes!
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">16:39:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">16:40:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> alan never disagrees so I'll assume he +1 too...  :-D
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">16:40:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I will summarize and send everywhere and on wiki this afternoon.  Thanks guys!
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">16:40:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
