<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">17:15:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">17:15:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jul 11 17:15:21 2012 UTC.  The chair is AlanClark. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">17:15:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">17:15:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ugh -lost my shortcuts
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">17:16:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chairs </span><span class="cmdline">henne FunkyPenguin AlanClark mrdocs yaloki</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">17:17:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingname </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">17:17:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> The meeting name has been set to 'opensuse_project_meeting'
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">17:17:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> @#topic osc12
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">17:17:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">osc12</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">17:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok, now that I fumbled that, |miska| go ahead
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">17:18:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, so yesterday I dumped my todo list to openSUSE Conference mailing list
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">17:18:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> AlanClark merged it with http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_todo_list
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">17:19:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> So what is current status
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">17:19:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> how about we run down the items on the wiki
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">17:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">17:20:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok, Program
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">17:20:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> So, first, we need to close CfP
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">17:20:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> From what you mentioned that will be in August?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">17:21:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> It would be nice to send out last call
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">17:21:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> We have on the conference.opensuse web page a close in July 15.  Should we put a new date?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">17:21:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I would do it quite fast
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">17:21:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> We should, once we decide when
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">17:22:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> How many submissions do we have?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">17:22:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I would suggest that some marketing guy would write an article on news about last chance to submit something and we will modify the date to be a week ahead from publish time
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">17:23:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I don't think 1 week is sufficient to pull together the schedule and evaluate all submissions.
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">17:23:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> we have 15 cfps submitted.  That's to few.  We definitely need more
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">17:23:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> thanks, and yes
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">17:24:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I'm not talking about schedule
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">17:24:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> some really good cfps by the way
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">17:24:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I'm talking about closing CfP
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">17:24:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> We need to close it before voting/creating the schedule
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">17:25:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> please explain "...and we will modify the date to be a week ahead from publish time" ??? confused
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">17:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> We need somebody to write an anouncement that CfP is closing in a week
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">17:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> And when somebody does that, we need to update conference webpage to reflect that
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">17:26:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> so where does the August date come from the AlanClark mentioned?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">17:27:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I want to start sending people acceptance e-mails in August
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">17:27:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Also I do not think that we will get a sufficient number of submissions in only 1 week if we currently only have 15
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">17:27:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> So make it two weeks?
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">17:27:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so you're saying CfP for oSC closes one wekfromtoay?
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">17:27:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> how about we target July 30 for close of CFP?
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">17:28:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> one week from the day you write announcement about that :-D
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">17:28:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If we estimate 2 weeks to pull everything together we can still send acceptance in Aug if we close end of July
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">17:28:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> That seems like a very long time before actual conference.
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">17:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> That's about two weeks from now
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">17:28:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> I think one week is better - with two weeks, people (again) think "oh, there's lots of time left, no need to do it today" ;-)
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">17:28:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> sounds reasonable to me, 19 days left...tick tick
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">17:29:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> something similar probably happened after the initial CfP months ago
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">17:29:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> (and yes, you can take me as an example ;-)
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">17:29:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Well, people needs to know whether they are accepted or not as that might be deciding whether to go or not and sooner they know, cheaper are the flights
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">17:30:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> maybe, but we need probably 50 or so submissions and getting those in a week is tough
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">17:30:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> +1
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">17:30:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> +1 robjo
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">17:30:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> So what about make it week and then announce that we are prolonging it?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">17:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Two announcements, more chance for people to notice
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">17:31:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Can we get an noouncement out tomorrow and then again next week?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">17:31:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> But somebody would need to write those
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">17:31:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Cfp close July 30?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">17:31:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> you shouldn't have made this idea public ;-)
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">17:31:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the key though is are you actively reaching out to peopl to encourage them to submit?  Or are you just waiting for voluntary submissions?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">17:31:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> doing that would enable us to accept the current CFPs, so that they can book flights ect.
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">17:31:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> Do you think anybody reads logs? :-D
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">17:31:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> tomorrow expect the 12.2 RC1 press release. Bad day for announcements
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">17:32:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Your program team sould review and identify gaps of topics you think worthy to cover.  Thn reach out to those experts an ask them directly to consider submission
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">17:32:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">toscalix_:</span> perfect day for announcement. We should combine the 2
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">17:32:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> Don't think so
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">17:32:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I think what toscalix_ is trying to say is the news will reach at the end of the week and no one will read it.. anyway offtopic
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">17:32:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> 12.2 RC1 and you have 2 more weeks to submit your papers, sounds like a good story and attention grabber to me
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">17:33:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> But I think it would take at least a day to prepare some announcement
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">17:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> maybe if yuo tel people I won't be able to go this year, then more people will rush to go?
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">17:33:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">17:34:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, so we all agree at July 30th?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">17:34:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> July 30 : +1
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">17:34:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">17:34:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">17:34:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">17:34:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">17:34:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> And we think that there should be announcement two weeks before and one week before
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">17:35:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> If I sum it up correctly
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">17:35:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> more than announcemnt...  press hard on social media sites too.   Regularly remind people  (yes spam)
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">17:35:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> So now we have a date
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">17:35:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think there should be an announcement asap (today, tomorrow, or Firday) and then 1 week before
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">17:35:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#infio </span><span class="cmdline">osc12 cfp will close on July 30</span>
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">17:35:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">osc12 cfp will close on July 30</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">17:36:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, any volunteer to write the announcement?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">17:36:34 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">can write one after 20th of July</span>
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">17:36:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok!
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">17:36:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> It is much easier to just create adocument wit your main bullet pionts for the announcemnt andsomene will step in to clean it up for relase.  You get more flies that way
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">17:36:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I'll write it, today. Sonmeone else has to volunteer to fight the infrastructure and get it posted
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">17:37:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I will do that
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">17:37:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> If someone will e-mail it to me, I'll make sure it gets posted in the forums.
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">17:37:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I will post on news.o.o
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">17:37:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> (Just so there's no delay from the RSS feed)
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">17:38:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> hendersj: send me your e-mail please (rjschwei@suse.com)
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">17:38:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> Will do
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">17:38:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">robjo and manugupt1 will take care of announcements about end of CfP</span>
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">17:38:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">robjo will write first announcment, manugupt1will post it to news.o.o, hendersj will make sure it gets posted to forums</span>
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">17:38:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">manugupt1 will post 2nd announcement after July 20th - for final push for CFPs</span>
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">17:39:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, regading the date, I still think that it should be made public on different day than 12.2 RC1
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">17:39:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> How about manugupt1 posts on Monday?
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">17:39:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I need to go, but have agreat day all.   Don't let |miska| drink all the beer
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">17:39:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Too late for that :-P
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">17:39:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Monday sounds fine
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">17:40:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> I'll try to get some help from SUSE marketing for that 2nd announcement. Cannot promess results but it is worth trying
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">17:40:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> People returning from weekend wanting news
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">17:40:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. So if robjo sends me today.. I will schedule it for monday
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">17:41:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Tuesday.  Monday is a bad day becau you have a lot of press release competition
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">17:41:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Tues-Wed-Thurs aer optimal release days
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">17:41:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> agree
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">17:41:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">17:41:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> Especially for push announcements
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">17:41:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Wednesday is the best time for me to post on news.o.o
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">17:41:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> if everyone is fine with that
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">17:42:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'm ok with Wednesday
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">17:42:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> and on Tuesday the moon will not be in the proper position, come on people
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">17:42:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> You can schedule the anouncement
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">17:42:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,  These are proven news release tactics.  Anyone in markeing knows to avoid Monday ad Friday
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">17:42:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I would go for Tuesday, to leave more time (one more day)
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">17:42:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> how's the ice level in the arctic?
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">17:43:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> sure if I get it by tomorrow night :) I will be travelling till tuesday thats why
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">17:43:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ah
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">17:43:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> dunno  I have't read the latest press release on arctic
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">17:43:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok going now.   Adios!
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">17:43:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> So we'll see how quick robjo will be ;-)
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">17:44:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> So that settles CfP and announcements?
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">17:44:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> 30 minutes after the meeting
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">17:45:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I think we can skip Android application for now and pick that up in August
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">17:45:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Once we will start forming schedule and coordinating that with the rest of conferences
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">17:45:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> future media track:
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">17:45:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Probably nothing to do now as we are not sure how we will merge the schedule
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">17:45:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Yes
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">17:46:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> I will pick that task for now
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">17:46:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Great
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">17:46:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> since Jos is out for some weeks
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">17:46:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> If Jos didn't, I can send you current status mails he sent to me
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">17:46:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> I need to figure out the state of art to see if we keep going, drop it or change it
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">17:47:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> do so please. I think he did but...
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">17:47:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> I pinged today both keynote speakers
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">17:47:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, will do
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">17:48:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> to tell them Jos is out, I'm in and that next week we will close what is left so
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">17:48:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> they come
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">17:48:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Merging TTP will be quite easy as they don't need a lot of room, but I would go for Monday
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">17:48:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> TTP - they want to meet 1 room on Monday
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">17:49:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> np
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">17:49:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I have the text for their meeting description, logo,.etc.
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">17:49:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> You said about 30-40 people?
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">17:49:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> correct
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">17:50:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Where should we add their text and logo?
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">17:50:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, would be nice to write announcement about that as well somewhere between two CfP announcements and include btw. CfP still open footnote
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">17:50:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> what is TTP?
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">17:50:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> We can either setup separate website for them, or include it in conference.opensuse.org
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">17:50:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> TTP - is composed of the higher education sys admins
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">17:51:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> thanks
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">17:51:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> By their holding the meeting at osc12, I've noticed several of them have registered for osc12
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">17:51:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I think we should include in on conference.opensuse.org.
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">17:51:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> what's our registration count so far?
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">17:51:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> They are announcing on their forums and web
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">17:52:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> About 100 people
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">17:52:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok - I'll take the action to add to conference.opensuse.org
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">17:52:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> cool and it's still really early
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">17:52:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I need help getting it to news.
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">17:53:11 </span><span class="nka">* |miska|</span> <span class="ac">can't help with news</span>
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">17:53:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> i recommend to mention that number on the announcement
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">17:53:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> it is big
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">17:53:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> ^^
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">17:53:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> someone volunteer to help me?
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">17:53:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> ^^
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">17:53:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> :-D
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">17:54:03 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">missed the conversation</span>
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">17:54:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> What do I need to do?
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">17:54:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> help AlanClark getting something to news.o.o
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">17:54:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> AlanClark will send you announcemnt and you'll put it on the news
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">17:54:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. Done
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">17:54:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark to update conference.opensuse.org with TTP info</span>
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">17:55:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">manugupt1 and AlanClark to post TTP announce to news.</span>
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">17:55:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Not between this friday - tuesday though, earlier or later will be excellent
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">17:55:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span>  later not next week
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">17:55:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> done then..
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">17:55:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> I propose to follow with venue, since I have to go
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">17:56:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">17:56:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">17:56:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> with sponsorship
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">17:56:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">17:56:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> canI proceed
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">17:56:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Go ahead
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">17:57:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> next week I hope to have the sponsorship brochure done
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">17:57:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> at least the content
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">17:57:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> I will need to coordinate it with |miska|: so I know
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">17:57:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> the venue characteristics
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">17:58:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> aj sent me the work done last year
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">17:58:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> I will start from there
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">17:58:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> with the proposal...I will send it to you
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">17:58:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">toscalix_:</span> can you also update it on github.. in the artwork repo
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">17:58:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, I can send you some pictures and whatever you ask for, I can try to find out
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">17:58:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> so we can disscuss it
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">17:58:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Just so that everyone sees it
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">17:58:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> or can derive other works
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">17:59:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> I'll derived since I have no access to github yet
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">17:59:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> I'm new
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">17:59:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">17:59:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">toscalix_:</span> Sure.. No hurry :) Its just good to have a public copy
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">17:59:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> there are already companies that have approached SUSE about the conference
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">17:59:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">toscalix_:</span>  The sponsor brochure has been sent to a few prospective sponsors
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:00:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Izabel isn't able to be on today's meeting, but she has been contacting potential sponsors
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:00:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> yes....but the global opensuse sponsor brochure, right?
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:00:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> not the specific for the event
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:00:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tampakrap:</span> You might be interested in this one
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:00:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> Am I correct?
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:00:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> I'm watching
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:00:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:00:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">toscalix_:</span>  not sure which one she is using.
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:00:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> ok...then recap....
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:01:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> I will find this out
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:01:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> and then I will work on the brochure
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:01:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">toscalix_:</span> ping izabel
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:01:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> can you send me her e-ail...so I introduce myself to her?
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:01:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> # action toscalix_ to work on the brochure and will discuss with izabel
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:02:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">toscalix_ to work on the brochure and will discuss with izabel</span>
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:02:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">toscalix_:</span>  will do
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:02:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> that was all....when I have results I go back to you
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:02:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark to intro toscalix_ and izabel</span>
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:02:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> if you haven't heard anything from me by next thursday, please ping me
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:03:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> before leaving..... can I say something for general knowledge?
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:03:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> go for it
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> we cannot count on Jos for the following weeks. I will coordinate what he was suppose to be doing
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:04:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> the new openSUSE team at SUSE is under development
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:04:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> is part of it
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">18:05:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> we cannot perform normally this following 2 -4 weeks
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">18:05:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> we are not ready yet
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">18:05:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> but there is no worry
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">18:05:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> we will have a great conference
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">18:05:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> We will put the resources
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">18:06:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> that you guys need to be supported
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">18:06:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> in your work
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">18:06:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> done
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">18:06:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">18:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks toscalix_ glad you've joined the fun!
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">18:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> thanks toscalix_ :)
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">18:07:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">toscalix_:</span> not "you guys", "we"
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">18:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> well yes robjo: sorry
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">18:07:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> needs to get used to....we
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">18:07:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">18:08:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> have to go...bye. I'll attend to the next one
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">18:08:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark will update the todo wiki page with the action items from today's meeting</span>
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">18:09:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span>  keep going down the list
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">18:10:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, so, Venue setup
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">18:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I will go bug Michael later today to see what's blocking
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">18:10:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> There is stuff I need to follow up, there is some stuff that we need to coordinate with the rest of the guys
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">18:12:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Apart from sorting out detials with university, everythingelse can wait till we know schedule and start preparing stuff like lunches, parties and stuff
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">18:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> But, dates and venues are set
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">18:13:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I agree
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">18:13:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> So I think that sums up the venue
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">18:13:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> A question on the venue
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">18:14:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Yes?
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">18:14:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> We have two venues actually
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">18:14:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Which are hundred meters apart
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">18:14:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> will there be technology displays on Saturday and Sunday - aka tables?
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">18:15:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> For big rooms, there will be beamers, for small rooms beamers and computers
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">18:15:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> no, I'm asking a different question
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">18:16:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Is LinuxDays creating booths for display?
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">18:16:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ah, yes
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">18:16:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Should we be thinking about booths with openSUSE technologies?
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">18:16:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> There will be booths during weekend
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">18:16:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> We will have openSUSE Booth and SUSE booth
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">18:16:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> As we are sponsor
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">18:17:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> have you planned the booth or is that something to add to the todo list?
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">18:17:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> For openSUSE Booth, we will bring HP touchsmarts, for SUSE one I have SLEPOS promised and SUSE studio kiosk if I figure out who will pay for kiosk
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">18:18:30 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">remembers transporting the kiosk from nue to prague for LinuxCon; abusing Svec</span>
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">18:18:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> And I have a local Novell guy for SUSE booth if somebody is interested in boring stuff like business deals, money and contracts
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">18:18:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Actually kiosk is owned by marketing team
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">18:19:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we should have a bus from nue to prg
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">18:19:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we could put the kiosk on the bus
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">18:19:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Oh, we might want to add another todo
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">18:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> About transportation planing
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">18:20:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark to add transportation planning to the todo list</span>
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">18:20:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> But I expect that there will be quite some stuff moved from Nue to Prg so I hope that kiosk will somehow fit in
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">18:20:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Well, there is transporting stuff and there is getting people
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">18:21:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I think somebody sugested to create a wiki to write down who is traveling from where
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">18:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> From Nue is makes sense to have a bus, but it might make sense to have another one from Berlin
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">18:22:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Not up to us to organize it, but let people organize themselves
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">18:22:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Or help them rather
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">18:23:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> well, for nue it would make sense for someone from the office to organize it
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">18:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">18:23:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> preferably someone from Nue office
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">18:23:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">18:23:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> let's put this on the list and talk to toscalix_
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">18:24:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> sorry does this mean that you are thinking of organizing a bus to leave from Berlin and go to Prague for the conf? If yes, what would be the cost to join you on the bus?
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">18:24:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> I'm thinking about creating a wiki page where people can write from where are they comming and organize busses for themselves
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">18:24:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> Ludwig is new to the openSUSE team in nue, some nice "start up task" ;)
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">18:25:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">18:26:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> There will be probably quite some people from Berlin, but somebody from there needs to organize it, we can help with promoting it
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">18:28:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, action item for me, create a wiki page for people to write from where they are going to share a travel costs
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">18:28:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> got it, thanks :) (Maybe that's also another solution for the greek people coming, since air tickets for Prague are pretty expensive in october - and only then - due to absense of low cost flights)
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">18:29:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">|miska| to create a wiki page for people to write from where they are going to share a travel costs</span>
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">18:29:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, so what is left to discuss regarding the venue?
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">18:29:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I thinnk we are done with the venu
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">18:30:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, Parties :-D
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">18:30:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> wait - travel sponsor
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">18:30:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ah, ok
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">18:30:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Izabel wanted me to report for her
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">18:31:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">18:31:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> "Travel sponsor program is already open for the Summit and will open for osc12 on August 10
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">18:31:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> All travel requests need to be in by August 20
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">18:31:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> no exceptions
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">18:32:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">need travel requests submitted by August 20</span>
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">18:32:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> hmmm, tough deadlines
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">18:32:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Sounds like needs another announcement stressing out the dealine
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">18:33:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> how about we add that to the CFP announcements
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">18:33:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">18:33:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> don't want to....
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">18:33:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> We can, but I would go for another extra anouncement on something like 5th August
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">18:33:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> ok, let's hold that for Aug
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">18:34:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I think extra announcement would be better
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">18:34:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">18:34:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Anything left regarding travel sponsorship?
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">18:34:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">announce on news. first week of August travel request deadlines</span>
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">18:34:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> no, let's party
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">18:34:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Hotel
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">18:34:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> where's the beer?
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">18:35:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> We have 90 rooms reserved in hotel nearby, we need to put it on the web (easy copy and paste)
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">18:35:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> And might be a good idea to do another announcement :-D
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">18:36:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Or just merge it with some other?
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">18:36:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Don't want to, but I volunteer for copy&amp;paste job for the website
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">18:36:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> hotel and travel program fall into the same category
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">18:37:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, let's leave it for travel announcement and I'll just put it silently on the web
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">18:37:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Another action item for me
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">18:37:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">include hotel information with travel announcement</span>
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">18:39:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> how about we ask izabel to work on the travel annoucement
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">18:40:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> AlanClark, Izabel sent an email out to me soetime ago saying that a new email, more formal, will be sent out for people to apply for financial help.
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">18:40:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I am not sure if she will resend one about the travel announcements
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">18:40:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks anditosan, I'll follow up with her
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">18:41:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark will follow up with Izabel regarding travel request deadlines and posting to .news</span>
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">18:42:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Regarding the parties, we have some ideas, but we need to do some more scouting to make sure and tomorrow we are going to try one possible place out and talk about possibility to have a party at university with guy from university
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">18:42:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> So parties planning in progress, more information later, also needs some coordination with other conferences
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">18:43:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I think that was the last thing on todo?
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">18:43:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I have some other little stuff
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">18:44:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> But first will wait for any objections
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">18:44:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> no objections
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">18:44:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> no objections from me
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">18:44:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, tampakrap asked for some badges to promote conference which people can put on their blogs
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">18:45:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> He got these in return http://blogs.gentoo.org/tampakrap/i-am-going-to-bootstrapping-awesome/
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">18:45:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> if you need us to create badges, let #opensuse-artwork know
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">18:47:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> We have nice conference logo, idea behond this was to have something like "I'm going to FOSDEM 2012" badge for blogs
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">18:47:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, sounds like a good plan to ask on opensuse-artwork
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">18:48:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Will do
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">18:48:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Another action item for me
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">18:48:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> Ok, I think that's all from me regarding conference topic
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">18:48:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">|miska| to ask #opensuse-artwork for help create badges to promote conferences</span>
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">18:49:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks |miska| I think this was productive time spent. we've gone through a lot of action items
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">18:50:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> I need your e-mail address, hendersj -- thanks
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">18:50:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Any other topics for today's project meeting?
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">18:51:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> I have one question
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">18:51:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> may I?
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">18:51:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tampakrap:</span> go ahead
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">18:51:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> go
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">18:51:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> can we get grek kh for the keynote?
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">18:51:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> even better, any ideas about keynote speaker?
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">18:52:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> s/ideas/suggestions
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">18:52:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I thought this was mostly lined up already, based on an earlier comment
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">18:53:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> ok, I'll read the backlog more carefully then
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">18:53:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> I think Jos was speaking to him, not sure about current status
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">18:54:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> And Jos lives nearby Lenart and knows him, so he said that he can get Lenart
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">18:54:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> toscalix made a comment about following up with keynote speakers
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">18:54:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> toscalix made a comment about replacing Jos for next few weeks, so we need to follow up with him
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">18:55:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> ok, thanks
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">18:55:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> thanks tampakrap
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">18:56:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> other questions or topics?
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">18:56:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> motion to adjourn
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">18:56:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> 3,2,1..
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">18:56:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Thanks everyone
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">18:56:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
