=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by yaloki at 20:05:15 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2012/opensuse-project.2012-05-16-20.05.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Forum infrastructure stability  (yaloki, 20:06:21)

* Documenting the New Branding and design guidelines. Wiki, or similar
  setup. (by art team)  (yaloki, 20:08:41)

* Revising and managing the artwork pages (by art team)  (yaloki,
  20:11:28)

* Brief mention of the possible new widget style for opensuse  (by art
  team)  (yaloki, 20:11:41)

* handling of SLE12 bugs (make them public?)  (yaloki, 20:11:56)
  * ACTION: jospoortvliet prod AJ about some sort of
    statement/opinion/decision about changing the policy for SLE12 bugs,
    to make them public  (yaloki, 20:16:52)

* Documenting the New Branding and design guidelines. Wiki, or similar
  setup. (by art team)  (yaloki, 20:17:03)
  * http://kde-look.org/content/show.php/Domino?content=42804
    (tigerfoot, 20:29:55)

* Incomplete upgrade of mediawiki instance and problems related to it
  (yaloki, 20:37:53)

* Artwork in 12.2  (yaloki, 20:42:07)



Meeting ended at 20:55:40 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* jospoortvliet
  * jospoortvliet prod AJ about some sort of statement/opinion/decision
    about changing the policy for SLE12 bugs, to make them public



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* yaloki (64)
* it-s (53)
* tigerfoot (47)
* anditosan (15)
* AlanClark (13)
* jospoortvliet (13)
* cboltz (11)
* bugbot (3)
* mrdocs (3)
* benJIman (2)
* victorhck (2)
* BManojlovic (1)
* _wstephenson (0)
* FunkyPenguin (0)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4