<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by yaloki at 20:02:30 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Discussing how to communicate well to Asians or others who are not able to attend meetings</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-18'>yaloki</a>, 20:04:14)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Discussing how to communicate well to Asians or others who are not able to attend meetings</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-20'>yaloki</a>, 20:04:52)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">to discuss on the list, manugupt1 is afk</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-32'>yaloki</a>,
    20:06:39)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Membership lapse discussion update/follow up/discussion (robjo)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-40'>yaloki</a>, 20:07:31)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Failing infrastructure</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-44'>yaloki</a>, 20:08:18)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">tigerfoot
    trigger thread on project list about recurring infrastructure
    issues, collect on openFATE</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-101'>yaloki</a>,
    20:16:33)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Discussing how to communicate well to Asians or others who are not able to attend meetings and also how to answer their queries related to project-cum-board related meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-111'>yaloki</a>, 20:17:55)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">yaloki
    propose killing the IRC project meetings on the project list</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-154'>yaloki</a>,
    20:24:09)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">a question related to ambassador travel programme (manu)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-159'>yaloki</a>, 20:24:34)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Membership lapse discussion update/follow up/discussion (robjo)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-222'>yaloki</a>, 20:34:01)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AJaeger
    izabelvalverde_ manugupt1 discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in
    the travel program</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-229'>yaloki</a>,
    20:34:48)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AJaeger
    manugupt1 discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel
    program</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-232'>yaloki</a>,
    20:35:13)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AJaeger
    izabelvalverde_ discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the
    travel program</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-235'>yaloki</a>,
    20:35:22)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Members">http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Members</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-247'>robjo</a>,
    20:38:28)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Members#Maintaining_your_membership">http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Members#Maintaining_your_membership</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-249'>robjo</a>,
    20:38:48)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">wstephenson
    poke the other members of the membership team for their opinion on
    the membership lapse topic
    http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Members#Maintaining_your_membership</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-293'>yaloki</a>,
    20:49:25)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">board vote to
    enact or reject
    http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Members#Maintaining_your_membership</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-297'>yaloki</a>,
    20:49:59)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Face to face meeting results (Alan)</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html#l-307'>yaloki</a>, 20:51:39)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:53:23 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-03-07-20.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>tigerfoot trigger thread on project list about recurring infrastructure issues, collect on openFATE</li>
  <li>yaloki propose killing the IRC project meetings on the project list</li>
  <li>AJaeger izabelvalverde_ manugupt1 discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel program</li>
  <li>AJaeger manugupt1 discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel program</li>
  <li>AJaeger izabelvalverde_ discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel program</li>
  <li>wstephenson poke the other members of the membership team for their opinion on the membership lapse topic http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Members#Maintaining_your_membership</li>
  <li>board vote to enact or reject http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Members#Maintaining_your_membership</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> AJaeger <ol>
    <li>AJaeger izabelvalverde_ manugupt1 discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel program</li>
    <li>AJaeger manugupt1 discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel program</li>
    <li>AJaeger izabelvalverde_ discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel program</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> izabelvalverde <ol>
    <li>AJaeger izabelvalverde_ manugupt1 discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel program</li>
    <li>AJaeger izabelvalverde_ discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel program</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> izabelvalverde_ <ol>
    <li>AJaeger izabelvalverde_ manugupt1 discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel program</li>
    <li>AJaeger izabelvalverde_ discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel program</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> manugupt1 <ol>
    <li>AJaeger izabelvalverde_ manugupt1 discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel program</li>
    <li>AJaeger manugupt1 discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel program</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> tigerfoot <ol>
    <li>tigerfoot trigger thread on project list about recurring infrastructure issues, collect on openFATE</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> wstephenson <ol>
    <li>wstephenson poke the other members of the membership team for their opinion on the membership lapse topic http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Members#Maintaining_your_membership</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> yaloki <ol>
    <li>yaloki propose killing the IRC project meetings on the project list</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>yaloki (155)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (37)</li>
  <li>tigerfoot (18)</li>
  <li>robjo (17)</li>
  <li>wstephenson (17)</li>
  <li>AlanClark (12)</li>
  <li>izabelvalverde_ (12)</li>
  <li>AJaeger (11)</li>
  <li>cboltz (8)</li>
  <li>suseROCKs (7)</li>
  <li>shayonj_ (6)</li>
  <li>wolfiR (5)</li>
  <li>bugbot (4)</li>
  <li>mrdocs (4)</li>
  <li>izabelvalverde (3)</li>
  <li>amonthoth (1)</li>
  <li>henne (0)</li>
  <li>FunkyPenguin (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
