<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">17:06:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">Project Meeting 3rd Oct 2012</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">17:06:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Oct  3 17:06:57 2012 UTC.  The chair is manugupt1. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">17:06:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">17:07:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">17:07:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">17:07:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Conference by jospoortvliet</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">17:07:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> watch it jospoortvliet.  I don't appreciate when people try to be funny on IRC!
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">17:08:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> the floor is all yours..
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">17:08:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tampakrap:</span> ping :D
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">17:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> about the conference, then
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">17:08:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> I'm here
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">17:08:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> where'd these dark clouds come from?
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">17:08:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> we're working via Trello, planning stuff
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">17:08:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> https://trello.com/board/opensuse-conference/503b692a387cdc6d5388ad08
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">17:08:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> if you want to help
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">17:09:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> the latest calls for help have been us looking for volunteers to help do interviews with the speakers of the event to promote it: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_Interviews
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">17:09:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and in general, become volunteer for the event on-the-spot:
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">17:09:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">If you want to help with conference, pick a task from https://trello.com/board/opensuse-conference/503b692a387cdc6d5388ad08</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">17:09:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_volunteers
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">17:09:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> thank you manugupt1
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">17:09:59 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">will keep on doing it</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">17:10:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> you'll have to ask one of us to add you to the trello
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">17:10:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but that's not too hard if you have an account so don't let that be a barrier please!
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">17:10:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> we still need lots of help
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">17:10:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> Ok..
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">17:10:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ita&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> ping
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">17:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> otherwise, tampakrap you might have things to say
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">17:10:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Interview interesting people from http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_Interviews</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">17:10:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ita:</span> we're in a meeting, unless you have something to add I'd like to ask you to wait a bit until it is over :D
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">17:11:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> One piece of news - bof sessions can now be scheduled: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_BoF_sessions
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">17:11:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> before I forget :D
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">17:11:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> published earlier today on news.o.o
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">17:11:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> sorry give me a min
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">17:11:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">bof sessions can now be scheduled: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_BoF_sessions</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">17:12:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tampakrap:</span> sure :)
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">17:12:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> i have an issue with my laptop
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">17:12:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> !support @ tampakrap
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">17:12:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SUSEhelp&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tampakrap:</span> For general technical support on IRC, please go to #opensuse (/join #opensuse).  You may also wish to submit your question via http://forums.opensuse.org.  Or join the support mailing list by sending an email to opensuse+subscribe@opensuse.org
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">17:12:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> im on the phone now
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">17:12:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> :-D
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">17:12:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> aw bad timing. Ok, is there anyone else who has something to say about the conference planning/organization?
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">17:12:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> note that trello gives you a reasonably good idea of the status...
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">17:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I do!
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">17:13:24 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">listens</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">17:13:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Been observing from a rather remote distance all the planning going on for oSC this year and I think you guys deserve a round of applause for all the hard work you're doing!
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">17:13:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> +1 :D
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">17:14:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> and to suseROCKs and AlanClark and team for an awesome summit :)
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">17:14:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> when I said I have an issue with my laptop I didn't ask for support :P
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">17:14:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> anyway, about the conference
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">17:14:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> thanks, that is appreciated... It is quite a ride, as usual. But we have lots of help, from people like you, izabel, Stella and others working behind the scenes, taking care of things. That saves stress...
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">17:14:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> we DESPERATELLY NEED PEOPLE TO STEP UP
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">17:14:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">People must step up to volunteeer for the conference</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">17:15:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> we have tons of tasks, we need volunteers, even to pick up small tasks so that we don't have to do them
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">17:15:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> especially we would appreciate people coming one or two days before the event (there is also a welcome party on friday)
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">17:15:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> and we need many people for onsite support
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">17:15:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> for many different tasks
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">17:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> we coordinate in opensuse-conference mailing list mostly and occasionally here, and we use trello for organization planning
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">17:16:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> and we can add anyone who is willing to help in our trello instance to see the live stream of our tasks
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">17:17:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> I'm not going into details about the tasks that are pending, I think I made my point
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">17:17:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Just a quick question, to add myself or the others to the trello do we need to mail somewhere
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">17:17:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> preferably oo-conference ML?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">17:17:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> right
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">17:17:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> yes the list
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">17:18:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">to join the trello board, mail the oo-conference list with your trello credentials</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">17:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> I'm already acting as proxy for people needing stuff either from inside suse or from anyone else
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">17:18:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tampakrap:</span> cant we make it public and would not that be better
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">17:18:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> I became really good at yelling people
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">17:18:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> it can't be made public for various reasons
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">17:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tampakrap:</span> ok..
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">17:19:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Can we move on to the next topic tampakrap jospoortvliet or do you have anything else
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">17:19:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> yes, a brief status update
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">17:19:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> sure..
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">17:19:54 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">dares tampakrap  to try to yell at the Deaf guy...</span>
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">17:20:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> for those who don't follow the news.o.o and planet, we announced the schedule, we have 2 full days of presentations and workshops, and the 2 extra opensuse only days
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">17:20:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> next
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">17:20:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> we will announce the parties soon
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">17:20:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Will you be raffling off tigerfoot's Geeko Car?
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">17:20:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> and we are going to have a great event, spread it around!
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">17:20:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">for those who don't follow the news.o.o and planet, we announced the schedule, we have 2 full days of presentations and workshops, and the 2 extra opensuse only days and a great event is ahead</span>
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">17:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   Probably should add -&lt;nick&gt; at the beginning or end, so people don't think you made all those quotes yourself when reading minutes   :-D
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">17:22:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Thanks a lot tampakrap and jospoortvliet
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">17:22:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tampakrap&gt;</span> I'm available for questions, else feel free to move, thanks for your time
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">17:22:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Next time will surely do that
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">17:22:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Inactive mailing lists</span>
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">17:22:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Next in the agenda is inactive mls
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">17:22:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> this topic still exists??
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">17:22:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> there?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">17:22:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yes
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">17:22:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> seems the topic itself has become inactive.  :-(
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">17:23:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> blinux
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">17:23:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> blinux-de
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">17:23:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> opensuse-amd64
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">17:23:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> opensuse-factory-base
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">17:23:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> opensuse-factory-graphics
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">17:23:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> opensuse-factory-mozilla
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">17:23:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> opensuse-goblin
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">17:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> opensuse-ia64
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">17:23:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> opensuse-networking
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">17:23:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> opensuse-proofreading
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">17:23:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> opensuse-ux
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">17:23:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> proxy-suite
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">17:23:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> radeonh
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">17:23:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> opensuse-wiki (merge into opensuse-web)
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">17:23:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> These are the mailing lists, so if everyone agrees here we will do the needful by mailing it to admin@oo
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">17:23:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Thats ok with everyone?
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">17:24:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> isn't there a longer list of MLs that were proposed to be defuncted or merged a while ago?
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">17:24:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I see only these at the moment
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">17:24:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> this looks like the "old" list of MLs at the first view
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">17:24:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> e.g  I think -ambassador ML still hasn't been mreged into -marketing.  Or did I miss the merge?
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">17:24:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> I'd guess nobody actually closed or merged them until now
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">17:24:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and btw, no one could see blinux  :-)
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">17:24:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> We will have to wait for it.. I guess
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">17:25:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> I will send a mail then again to admin@oo
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">17:25:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Can we move on to the next topic
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">17:25:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> this was henne's AI.
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">17:25:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> We will send it and finish it..
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">17:25:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">17:26:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> can we move on to the next topic now
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">17:26:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I dunno,  can you?
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">17:26:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I can mail admin@oo and ping others to get the needful done atleast I can poke :D
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">17:26:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> ok.. besides that next topic now
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">17:26:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Code-in updat</span>
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">17:27:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I have started making the wiki pages thanks to Rajko
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">17:27:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Matt and me are the admins this time and if robjo steps up that would be awesome :D
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">17:27:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We need tasks now so people can start filling up the tasks
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">17:28:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Also, This time GCi has no money and every org chooses 2 winners by a vote
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">17:28:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> you can add me as admin
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">17:28:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I will do that then :) Thanks
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">17:28:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I need reviewers for the wiki page http://wiki.opensuse.org/openSUSE:GCI and someone to write an announcement
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">17:28:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Any volunteers
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">17:28:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> for that
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">17:29:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> Can you review the wiki pages once to make sure they conform with this year rules and I have not missed anything of importance
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">17:29:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I will edit the wiki
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">17:30:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> make that an #action item
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">17:30:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">review GCI wiki pages ( volunteer needed)</span>
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">17:30:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">GCI announcement (volunteer needed)</span>
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">17:30:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> When do you plan the GCI announcement?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">17:31:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Well this is a call for mentors so preferably by this weekend
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">17:31:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> and ready to push by monday
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">17:31:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> with all the news going on right now, that might get drowned if not properly scheduled.
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">17:31:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I agree :)
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">17:32:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. Thats it from my side.. any more comments
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">17:32:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> on GCI
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">17:33:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. Next topic thats mine too I guess
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">17:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Proposal ( so manugupt1 needs inputs )</span>
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">17:34:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> What i am proposing here is the Board should take up responsibility of publishing various things that are going in and around the community
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">17:34:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 1. We can start off with a few teams which are well defined like the conference team, travel team etc etc
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">17:34:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> and then make a report to publish it on news
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">17:35:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Since we are learning as of now ( and have no automation at the moment ) we can start with a few teams
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">17:35:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We can publish the reports bi-monthly
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">17:36:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> and then when we are all settled we can incorporate more teams and make quarterly reports
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">17:36:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> That is my idea
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">17:36:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> What do you guys think
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">17:36:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I think it is very good and important
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">17:36:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> I like the idea - some publicity on things going on in the community would be good.
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">17:37:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> actually, there's an agenda item here which is kind'a related - by tux93
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">17:37:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> Even within the community, it's hard to know what other teams are doing
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">17:37:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hendersj:</span> exactly
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">17:37:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and how well things are going
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">17:37:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> or NOT
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">17:37:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> Yes
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">17:37:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> sometimes, if teams have problems but do not say something, things just disappear
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">17:37:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> that is a problem
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">17:37:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span>  awesome plan therefor
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">17:38:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> I think it would definitely help cross-team collaboration as well
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">17:38:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> And reduce duplication of efforts
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">17:38:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">17:38:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hendersj:</span> clarity could help with those as well, yes
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">17:38:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hendersj:</span> for me, the biggest deal is knowing the 'health' of teams
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">17:38:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> some are NOT healthy but that is not visible
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">17:38:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> also, frequent meeting summaries posted on ML and elsewhere so people who miss meetings still know what's happening without being forced to read ugly transcripts
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">17:39:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. In general I think everyone agrees
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">17:39:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I'd love to see a 'dashboard' of openSUSE teams, with those pretty green/yellow/red lights, plain and simple :D
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">17:39:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> what did the board think of this
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">17:39:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I have not received any reply as of now.. but vuntz agrees when I spoke to him
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">17:39:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> did you get feedback from, say, henne, FunkyPenguin, will stephenson?
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">17:39:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> what would the lights signify?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">17:40:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ok vuntz likes it, that's good
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">17:40:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but the others, what, they don't care, or?
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">17:40:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I dont know.. I guess I will send a mail again and inform and since they have not responded we can go with the decision we make here I guess
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">17:40:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I should mention this subject was brought up during the Summit General Meeting and the general tone was "more info please"  including what manu suggests about quarterly reports and meeting summaries.
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">17:41:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> well, say, for the admin team: response time to mails (the agenda item from tux93 describes how he has been sending mails for a month now, no reply. That should simply not happen, or at least - not go unnoticed by the community)
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">17:41:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> ok, so how do you want to proceed, what exactly do you plan to do?
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">17:41:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   meaning emails to the board?
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">17:41:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I have already mailed the travel-support team and they agree to it
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">17:42:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> Other than that I am focussing on our release team and other teams and ask them about it
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">17:42:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> awesome
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">17:42:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> there are other teams like the marketing team ( non-technical ) teams about which we should have info
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">17:43:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> also I guess I will ask SUSE admins to give me access to their google webmaster tool like site to gain web statistics
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">17:43:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> manugupt1 we talked about it and we said that the board should decide how to handle with the results
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">17:43:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I plan to present my first report in the 2nd week of November
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">17:43:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> Board means more than one I guess
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">17:43:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> vuntz agrees
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">17:43:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> and if Board does not respond then?
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">17:44:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> Andy as well but not public request yet
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">17:44:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> but we have all in case is needed ;)
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">17:44:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> then all is cool I guess :)
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">17:45:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> Board usually answers when I asked them before
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">17:45:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> By the way I have sent the board mail twice and have not received a response
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">17:45:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> So I will send a mail again and try again :)
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">17:45:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> then we might need a report from the board itself, too, as it seems they are not responsive either :D
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">17:46:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> otherwise we will move maintaining status quo
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">17:46:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> at leat not to themselves :D
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">17:46:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> I think you should go and do it, if other board members don't support you that should not be a reason to let things NOT happen.
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">17:46:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> Board  as of now had no definite tasks so this is one of the tasks I want to set a definite
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">17:46:48 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">thinks that if this happens it should be public AND reflect poorly on board members who don't bother to do what they promised when they were trying to get elected</span>
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">17:46:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> so if the board does not report it is non-performing :)
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">17:46:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> +1 to jospoortvliet!
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">17:47:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> Yes, agreed
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">17:47:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Facilitate communication with all areas of the community  this was always there but a proper way was missing
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">17:47:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> I was just thinking - wasn't one of the reasons this meeting time changed so there'd be better attendance?
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">17:48:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hendersj:</span> Its not good timing at europe :) We need to discuss timings again
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">17:48:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> That is one of the challenges of such a distributed team, certainly.
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">17:48:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> also shouldn't have a "quorum" to happen?
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">17:48:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hendersj,   It was indeed changed to actually later in the day, but when still no one showed up, it got pushed back to a saner hour for the rest of us.  :-)
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">17:48:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> There is no good time that fits everybody around the world.
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">17:48:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> +1 moving it around all the time doesn't help
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">17:49:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> we now have US folks, someone from india running the thing, and europeans. I think this time seems to work D:
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">17:49:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> But moving the time and starting the "only if there is an agenda there will be a meeting bs" effectively killed this meeting.
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">17:49:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> true
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">17:49:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> Again a proposal
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">17:49:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde_,   In the past, the quorum was used only if there were matters to be voted on by board members during the meeting.  if no quorum, then no matters can be voted on, but still general discussions allowed.
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">17:49:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We will have a meeting even if there is no agenda and wait for 5 minutes
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">17:50:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We used to have a "standing agenda" that made sense and attending thus was relatively easy and became part of the routine, now it's hit or miss.
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">17:50:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> suseROCKs thanks :)
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">17:50:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> and if no one is there we will dissolve the meeting for that day?
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">17:50:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> robjo,   exactly.   The standing agenda helped ensure there was always something to be talked about.
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">17:50:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   that would be the logical conclusion, yes.
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">17:51:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> My proposal would be to re-instate a standing agenda and have the meeting all the time.
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">17:51:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Anything I am ok with both of it
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">17:51:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> Yes, I think consistency would help - if there's not a lot to talk about, people get some time back.
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">17:51:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> But the expectation should be that it's always held
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">17:51:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> I think it would also be useful to have representation from the various teams - maybe as part of the reporting that was discussed earlier
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">17:52:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Also the "don't deviate from agenda at all or add last minute items" hurt things as well.
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">17:52:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We have enough going on that there are always topics, people do not necessarily bother to put it on the wiki
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">17:52:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> (by which I mean that reporting could help us identify representation from the teams involved)
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">17:52:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> +1
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">17:52:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> In the old old days, there was a lot of creativity and fostering that in Project meeting is essential.
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">17:52:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Good things like Community Week was invented DURING a project meeting, even though it wasn't on the agenda.
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">17:52:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> we're getting off-topic, folks
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">17:53:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> looks like we have an agenda item for the next meeting or for the end of this one :D
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">17:53:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. I will summarize here
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">17:53:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I will propose robjo's proposal to the board and the -project ML and if there are enough +1s we will take robjos way, however status reports will have a time limit ( I need that )
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">17:54:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Is everyone fine with it and then we will end the meeting
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">17:54:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> Sounds good to me
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">17:54:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> types good to me
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">17:54:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. Folks then here we go and end the meeting
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">17:54:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> meeting end 3
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">17:55:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> meeting end 2
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">17:55:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> meeting 1
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">17:55:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> m0
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">17:55:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Thanks a lot everyone :)
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">17:55:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
