<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Summit Monthly Status meeting  03-03-2012</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Sat Mar  3 18:10:37 2012 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">shayonj simon123</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: shayonj simon123 suseROCKs
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> hah :)
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:10:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> alrighty, now we can begin!
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:11:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Purpose of meeting</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:11:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ok so the purpose of this meeting is to have a monthly status update from all the committees for the openSUSE Summit
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:12:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The main page for Summit planning is http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Summit_Planning
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:12:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If you click on the committees in the Volunteer section, you will see specific committee team wiki pages
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:12:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If you've already volunteered, you're on these pages.  If you haven't yet, please volunteer
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:13:03 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">eyes simon123</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Questions before we move on to statuses?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:14:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> nothing as of right now (from me)
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:14:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> alrighty
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:14:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Statuses - Program Committee</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:14:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'll give a brief overview here...
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:15:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The Program Committee met 2 days ago and came up with some tentative conclusions for the target and focus of the event
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:15:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Rather than boring you with full details, you can see summary here:  http://www.bryen.com/summit-program-team-gets-fired-up/
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:15:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Latest Program Committee Update:  http://www.bryen.com/summit-program-team-gets-fired-up/</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:16:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> what's important for you all to know is that we intend to formally launch and announce to the world on March 30th
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:16:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> That means we will send out press releases, do social media blitzing and open our CFP as well as registrations at that time
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:16:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Questions before we move on?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:16:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:17:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> will there also be any travel funding options available ? also will that be formally announced on 30th ?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:17:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> At this point, we have not determined any funding levels for travel or for the Summit itself.  It is something we are working on
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:18:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We will likely be seeking sponsors to help alleviate our costs
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:18:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:18:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> As soon as a realistic plan of action is determined, we'll make sure you all know
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> shayonj,   feel free to turn over your scholarship to the Summit instead of pursuing your education.  :-)
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:19:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;simon123&gt;</span> what is precondition to look for sponsors?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:19:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;simon123&gt;</span> formal announcements?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:19:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> simon123,  at this point we need to determine what benefits sponsors get before we approach them
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:19:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> then we will put together a brochure to send to them
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:19:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> suseROCKs, hah. sounds like an idea :)
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:20:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Benefits meaning,  if you are a gold sponsor, you get X, Y, and Z.  if you are a Silver sponsor, you get X, Y,   and so on..
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:20:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok?
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:20:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> yes sir
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:20:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok next topic
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:20:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Statuses </span><span class="cmdline">- Promotion Committee</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:20:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oops
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:21:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Statuses - Promotion Committee</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:21:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Currently, anditosan is working on developing the artwork for the Summit.  He has already created a beautiful logo
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:22:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We will incorporate that into posters and flyers which we will distribute at FOSS events to advertise the Summit between now and September
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:22:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info  </span><span class="cmdline">Logo created, posters and flyers being worked on by anditosan</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:23:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I don't have the link in front of me for Summit logo...  shayonj  do you have it?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:23:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> suseROCKs, will we have fluters ready before 30th ?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:23:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> flyers *
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:23:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> shayonj,  yes that is my hope
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:23:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> here it is
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:23:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> http://s1108.photobucket.com/albums/h414/anditosan/?action=view&amp;current=Poster11x17.png
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:24:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info  </span><span class="cmdline">we need first batch of promotion materials by March 30th for first FOSS Event (Flourish! Conf in Chicago)</span>
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:24:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:24:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> exactly
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:25:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Anditosan's openSUSE Summit logo here:  http://bit.ly/xlcvWH</span>
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:25:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Jos and Mike McCallister (workingwriter) are part of the PR team, and they will be working on developing the press releases
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:26:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I have already spoken to them and they are aware they must have this material ready by March 30th launch date
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:26:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> questions before I close this topic?
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:26:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> nope
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:27:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok next topic
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:27:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic  </span><span class="topicline">Statuses - Technical Committee</span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:27:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have two sections to this.
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:28:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Section 1:  Setup of Indico for CFP and Registrations.   Alan and I  are working on this and will make sure it is ready by March 30th
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:28:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Indico to be ready to accept CFPs and Registrations by March 30th</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:28:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I will let shayonj now take the floor for Section 2:  Website
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:28:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> shayonj?
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:28:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:28:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> yep :D
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:29:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> so, i worked on the summit website. Its built on nanoc (google it :)).
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:29:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Summit website draft - http://suse2.shayon.me/</span>
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:29:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> nothing much is up on it, i pulled in a twitter feed. placed soem social media icons and incroporated the bento theme.
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:30:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> in short, the basic skeleton is up with possible pages we will be having in the summit website.
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:30:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Great work so far
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:31:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> also thanks to andi to create some artwork for the website. but we both know they might change as we proceed and get additional content for the website
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:31:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> thanks !
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:31:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Do you have a specific list of what you need from others to help complete your site?
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:31:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">anditosan just text that he took a sleeping pill last night and is trying to wake up to get to the meeting...</span>
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:31:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> :-D
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:31:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> suseROCKs, yes the general ones. like registration details (i thinki can get that), speakers, contact info, and so on
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:32:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> hah , there he is
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:32:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anditosan is going to *LOVE* reading the minutes after this meeting!
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:32:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> hihi sorry for the lateness, I will never take another sleeping pill again :D
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:32:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, I love reading hihihih
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:32:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:32:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> k, let's continue :D
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:33:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;simon123&gt;</span> <span class="hi">shayonj:</span> promotion item (page) has no banner
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:33:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> shayonj,   question,  I have been thinking that we need some kind of shopping cart method.  Are you able to implement such a feature with credit card payment acceptance?
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:34:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> simon123, yes i am aware of that. like i said, its just the skeleton and at this point of time we are not sure what contents are going in. so we decide to hold the artowrk development as of now. i just needed something to make nice little draft
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:34:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> suseROCKs, good questions. does paypal work ?
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:34:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> question *
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:34:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> simon123,   you bring up a good point.  It is probably a good idea to put the Summit logo on the wiki pages.   anditosan  Do you think the logo is ready for public viewing?
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:35:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> it should be, I have been reviewing it and I do not seem to change it, I would call it good!
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:35:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> shayonj,  we'll have to determine if we want to do any kind of payment  (whether CC or Paypal), and will have to get back to you if this is something we will want to do before you implement it.
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:36:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anditosan,   excellent.  Can you put it on the top (as a banner of sorts) of http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Summit_Planning and the committee sub-pages?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:36:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> suseROCKs, okay sounds good. i will do some homework as well.
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:36:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, is it in the summit's plans to ask people also to contribute to it, not only by getting tickets, but by donating money?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:36:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs checking....
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:36:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anditosan,  in a way yes.   I have been thinking we should have three tiers of registrations:
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.  Free Registration (anyone)
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:36:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. Supporter Registration  (you can pay $50 to show your support)
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:37:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3. Professional Registration ($250 for professionls with special benefits)
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:37:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I need to do some checking to make sure it is feasible before we settle on that though.
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:37:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> suseROCKs, is it fixed $50 ? or how about making the second option free to decide the amount ?
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:37:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:38:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> shayonj,  that was just an arbitrary dollar figure I threw out.
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:38:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> okay :)
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:38:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I like arbitrary dollar figures, lol
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:38:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> shayonj,  no worries, we can create a special "Anditosan Registration" that will be $10,000 just for him
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:38:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, paid already!
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:38:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anditosan,   Check bounced!
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:38:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> no kidding....
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:38:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> hah
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:39:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> anditosan, goes under the godl sponsor then ?
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:39:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> shayonj,   do you have details, etc. on what is needed to transfer your final web draft to our infrastructure before launch?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:39:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> gold *
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:39:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tacit&gt;</span> Can I comment that for commercial conferences the fee is not only a contribution to the cost, but also to guarantee that people are likely to show up if they register? As such I would dismiss the free registration in favour of one for a nominal fee (== minimal effort and decision level), plus a professional one with benefits (and a different ticket/name tag to show)
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:40:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> suseROCKs, you mean, to deploy on the openSUSE servers , right ? no i dont
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:40:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> also make a special ticket to Linus :D
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:40:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> hah
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:40:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tacit,  I've thought about that too.  I am concerned about a bunch of no-shows.   But, as our main oSC conference traditionally is free, I'm unsure if the community will like the idea of having to pay for Summit.   It's something we need to agree on, for sure!
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:41:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> shayonj,   ok can you follow up with admin@ to get those points laid out so you know ahead of time what the next steps are?
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:41:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> suseROCKs, yes i will.
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:41:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">shayonj to follow up with @admin to identify the steps required to formally deploy summit.opensuse.org by March 30th</span>
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:42:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> shayonj, let me know what artwork will be needed for that
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:42:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tacit&gt;</span> A voucher might be added to offset, and yes it's a FLOSS conference. But just make it so that it is easy to register but only those who are really interested will do so.
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:42:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> anditosan, sure. i have just been waiting for the summit ML to be up.
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:43:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tacit,  one Idea I have had is to find a media sponsor (magazine) and ask them if they are willing to donate discount codes for early registrations.
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:43:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> anditosan, but i think i will just proceed with adding the basic stuff. and if anything comes i will not forget to bug you down ;)
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:43:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> For example,  If you register as a free attendee by June 1, you get a promocode when you arrive
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:43:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if you are a Supporter Registrant, maybe you get the promo code instantly.   I dunno,   we have to find the sponsors first  :-)
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:43:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> shayonj, sounds good!
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:44:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tacit,   does that sound like a good idea to you to provide incentives for people to register early?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:44:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> suseROCKs, or there we some freebies.so you only get those when you come to the event (and register beforehand). something similar to what flourish is doing
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:44:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> or we give away some freebies *
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:45:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well let's try to keep our own costs down.   Let's rely on the strength of our sponsors to cover the costs of incentives  :-)
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:45:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> yep true
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:45:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tacit&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Commercial conferences do offer this to get an early estimate of the expected attendance and to get people to make a decision.
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:46:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> exactly, tacit.   We need early registrations because we don't know exactly how many people are really going
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:46:31 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">hopes tacit is going  :-)</span>
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:46:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tacit&gt;</span> What's the location?
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:47:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> orlando, FL
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:47:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> tacit,   Orlando, Florida.   Have you ever wished you could meet Mickey Mouse?
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:47:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> September 21-23
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:47:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> or donald duck
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:47:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok let's move on to the last two statuses...
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:47:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:47:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:47:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok before we move on, I have a big question about Donald Duck
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:47:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:48:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> He never wears pants, but why does he put a towel around his waist after a shower???
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:48:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> to dry his feathers ..;)
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:48:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;simon123&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> grow feathers :)
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:48:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:48:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok next topic
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:48:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Statuses - Evening Entertainment Committee</span>
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:49:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have no volunteers yet for this.  So we have no real status update here.
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:49:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If anyone of you wants to participate, please add your names and let's get the ball rolling on ideas for fun memorable experiences!
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:50:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Statuses - Venue Committee</span>
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:50:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have a few volunteers for the Venue Committee, but at present there's not much to talk about this early.
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:50:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Alan has some preliminary information about the hotel itself and SUSE will be sending Alexia to Orlando to case the joint.
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:51:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Once we know what all the pieces are, then we can push this Venue Committee to start organizing the setup of the venue itself.
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:51:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info  </span><span class="cmdline">We need volunteers for the Evening Entertainment Committee</span>
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:51:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we need more volunteers for Venue Committee, but we have time yet while we continue to gather up logistics information</span>
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:52:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Q&amp;A</span>
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:52:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok now we're on the section of ask away!!!
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:52:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Any questions, folks?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:52:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> what is the status of sponsoring traveling and stay costs for attendants?
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:53:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> will there be anything like that?
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:53:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anditosan,  as I explained to shayonj before you woke up...  we have no fixed determination yet.  It is somehting we are going to have to work on
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:53:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:54:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> anditosan, how much would you generally require to work on the artowrk ?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:54:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">meeting attendees inquired about status of travel sponsorship to Summit.  Answer:  We have no formal determination of funding levels at this time</span>
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:54:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> shayonj, you mean money wise, or time wise?
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:54:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> that being said, should i like tell you right away or that can waut ?
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:54:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> anditosan, hah time.
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:54:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> i bad with writing (english).
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:54:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> i am *
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:54:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> shayonj, well, it took me a day to finish the banners, a day to finish the logo
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:55:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs is awaiting simon123 to volunteer somewhere in Summit planning  :-)</span>
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:55:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> anditosan, okay so i can tell you the night before 30th.
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:55:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, when is alexia going to FL to find out about venues?
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:55:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> ;) . thanks anditosan
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:55:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> shayonj, ok :D
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:55:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Question: When is alexia going to visit Orlando to find out more about the venue?  Answer:  A definite date has not been determined yet, but soon.</span>
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:56:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:56:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anditosan,   have you been reading the emails about PR I've been sending to Jos and Mike?
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:56:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> not recently
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:57:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well I have  :-)   Particularly I am asking them for their input on the slogan and text for your poster/flyer artwork
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:57:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, has it been determined what summit artwork is needed? programs, brochures, banners for sessions and all?
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:57:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> awesome!
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:58:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well, we immediately need Posters, Flyers, website artwork, and bnners we can put on other people's websites
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:58:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:58:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> later in the year, we will probably need your help again for venue artwork
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:58:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:58:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> such as session posters, program guide, etc.
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:59:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> i think it will be a good idea to jot down the artwork requirements somewhere. so its evenly distributed among the people who are willing to work on artworks
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:59:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so anditosan  let's work closely with PR team and shayonj  to get all the stuff we need ready by our formal launch date of March 30th
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:59:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:59:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> deal!
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">19:00:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">anditosan to make sure all artwork requirements are identified in http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Summit_Promotion_Committee</span>
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">19:00:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">19:00:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">anditosan to also coordinate with Venue Committee for venue artwork when the time is appropriate  http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Summit_General_Committees</span>
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">19:00:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Any other questions, people?
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">19:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> and also need to find some way to get some more artists like anditosan
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">19:01:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">19:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Well he has 3 people on the Summit artwork committee
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">19:01:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> hahahah
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">19:02:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> oh okay. cool !
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">19:02:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> :p
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">19:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> by the way, anditosan   We may wish to create Spanish-language versions of the poster so our Central American brothers and sisters can promote at FLISOL April 28th
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">19:03:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> suseROCKs, noted!
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">19:03:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I think that's a wrap.  We covered some good stuff today...
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">19:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> unless there are objections, I shall close the meeting now...
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">19:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">19:03:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">19:03:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we did it in less than one hour!  w00t!
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">19:04:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
