<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">20:10:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">20:10:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Mar 21 20:10:48 2012 UTC.  The chair is wstephenson. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">20:10:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">20:11:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">Welcome to the openSUSE Project meeting. Please wait with random questions until the end.</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">20:11:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">Welcome to the openSUSE Project meeting. Please wait with random questions until the end.</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">20:12:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> Agenda:
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">20:12:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> * openSUSE conference proposed dates
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">20:12:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> * SuseStudio Command Line Client (ssc) discussions / ideas (if there is time). [Andrei Petre, 2nd year student, applying for GSoC]
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">20:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> * Q&amp;A Misc
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">20:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> not forgetting #1
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">20:12:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> * status reports
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">20:12:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">status reports</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">20:12:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> anything to report?
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">20:13:31 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">sorry, has started a draft locally about infrastructure and QOS discussed here last time, but didn't formalize yet on openFATE</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">20:14:00 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson</span> <span class="ac">finally mailed the membership team about the discussion, but only today</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">20:15:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> no other status? ou est mrdocs?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">20:15:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span>  are you planning to post an update on -project?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">20:15:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> AlanClark, henne, FunkyPenguin?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">20:17:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> so quiet - let's go to next topic
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">20:17:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">20:17:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE conference proposed dates</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">20:17:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> that was the plan .
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">20:17:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> that's yours?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">20:17:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">20:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> go
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">20:18:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> the team was able to visit the propose osc12 venues this week
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">20:19:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> One site looks very probable.  Before we create a contract with them
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">20:19:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> did we get over the too small/too limiting constraints discussed last time?
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">20:19:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> They feel that the rooms will be big enough.  And that there is space for lunch
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">20:20:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> They also checked on area restaraunts, hotels, etc
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">20:20:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> The question I wanted to toss out is regarding the dates of the conference
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">20:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> The venue works best if we hold it over a weekend, so we'd like to propose October 26,27,28 as the conference dates
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">20:21:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> and ask that everyone check for conflicts with other opensource events.
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">20:21:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> can do
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">20:21:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> someone check that there's no other major event worldwide ?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">20:22:00 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">too late :-(</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">20:22:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> If we don't hear of any conflicts, we'd like to move ahead and solidify the venue and dates
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">20:23:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> tigerfoot, you know of a conflict?
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">20:23:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> or if anyone knows of a conflict please post to the conference mailing list
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">20:23:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> there's should be postgresql event around that period and some php conf too
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">20:24:01 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">will check if they have published something already</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">20:24:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> php I thought was earlier - around the 18th?.  but I may be wrong
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">20:24:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i'm just looking
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">20:25:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> t-dose in the netherlands is that weekend
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">20:25:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> but it's a while since anyone i know mentioned it
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">20:25:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I suspect we'll run into conflicts for any date that we pick.
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">20:25:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> of course
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">20:26:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> that's it for this topic
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">20:26:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> sure .. just go.. and ask if the weather is absolutely awesome on that date, and everything would be fine :D
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">20:26:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> thanks
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">20:26:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> tigerfoot - would you please order warm weather and sunshine for those dates
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">20:27:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">SuseStudio Command Line Client</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">20:27:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">andreip:</span> is that you?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">20:27:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> Hello, my name is Andrei Petre, I'm a 2nd year CS student at Politehnica Univ of Bucharest, and would like to ask about your oppinion and maybe gather some more ideas for the ssc gsoc project
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">20:27:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">20:28:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> The main reasons for using ssc is that
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">20:29:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> who proposed the project, btw? are they here?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">20:29:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> is the idea is to have a complement of Yast Kiwi
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">20:29:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> Cristian Mircea Messel http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:GSOC_ideas#SUSE_Studio_Command_Line_Client_.28ssc.29
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">20:29:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> I think he is not here now
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">20:30:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> cool feature idea
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">20:30:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> currently the browser is the only way of interacting with SuseStudio; a CLI would help in scripting; it needs to be extended further and tested (checkout, commit, status, appliance, build, template, repository, package, file)
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">20:30:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> sounds more like a complement to osc
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">20:30:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> yeap and the idea is really cool !
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">20:31:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> also, it would be nice to build an appliance, run it on a live cd/usb, and after installing ssc, to somehow commit any changes you've ("lively") made to the remote appliance. It would have a staging area and a commit one, like git.
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">20:31:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> but for the latter, the former one must be met imo
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">20:31:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">andreip:</span> agree that it sounds cool to have, what can the project/board do to help?
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">20:32:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i think at this time you need to be talking to the mentor and other ppl in the studio team
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">20:32:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> Any comments, questions, ideas, critics, anything at all ? :)
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">20:32:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> maybe extension ideas? I guess it would be more appropriate to post it in the mailing list?
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">20:33:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> my experience as a gsoc mentor (several times) says the thing to do right now is talk a lot with possible mentors and developers around the project
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">20:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I would only be able to give general ideas, as wstephenson pointed out, best to talk to the mentor
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">20:33:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> i talked with the mentor :)
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">20:33:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">andreip:</span> if you know osc, we can build locally on vm, and then could be nice and cool to build and chroot (ala) the appliance ...
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">20:33:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> given that studio is closed source, you have to have buy in from the studio team to provide the interfaces you would need
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">20:34:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> so it would somehow be nice to use ssc with osc?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">20:35:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">andreip:</span> not directly but like osc build could build locally, have ssc build able to build the appliance locally
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">20:35:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> i would use a studio_api from github, that uses the GET http requests
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">20:36:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> it's already been shaped by Cristian, the mentor
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">20:36:10 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">don't know if that's possible or really useful compared to the qty of package to download ...</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">20:36:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> but then if they share the same local cache for package
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">20:36:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> that would be a big +
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">20:36:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> mrdocs. /me looks at watch
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">20:37:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> only joking, henne and FunkyPenguin are in a zombie state anyway.
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">20:37:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">andreip:</span> i'd suggest starting a blog now and getting a dialogue going with studio users there.
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">20:38:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> is there a mailing list I can ask ?
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">20:39:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">andreip:</span> google says studio-users@suse.de
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">20:39:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">andreip:</span> there's on irc #susestudio and studio-users@suse.de
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">20:39:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> you have the same info dealer ;-)
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">20:40:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">andreip:</span> there is also blog.susestudio.com - perhaps you could write a guest article there?
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">20:40:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> i hope english is spoken there :). thank you
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">20:40:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> any more on this topic?
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">20:40:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> no. thanks
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">20:42:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Q&amp;A, Misc</span>
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">20:42:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">andreip:</span> thanks for coming
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">20:42:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> thanks for the friendly env :). will stay around
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">20:43:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">andreip:</span> welcome on board, (not the Board) and have fun !
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">20:43:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;andreip&gt;</span> :)) ty
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">20:43:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> if there is no Q&amp;A then I will close the meeting
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">20:44:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i guess people decided it has already been disbanded, from the discussion on the list...
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">20:44:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I think we close.  Thanks wstephenson for leading the meeting.
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">20:44:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
