<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by AlanClark at 17:15:21 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">osc12</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-9'>AlanClark</a>, 17:17:41)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">osc12 cfp will close on July 30</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-83'>AlanClark</a>,
    17:35:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">robjo and manugupt1 will take care of
    announcements about end of CfP</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-95'>|miska|</a>,
    17:38:11)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">robjo will
    write first announcment, manugupt1will post it to news.o.o, hendersj
    will make sure it gets posted to forums</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-96'>AlanClark</a>,
    17:38:18)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">manugupt1
    will post 2nd announcement after July 20th - for final push for
    CFPs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-97'>AlanClark</a>,
    17:38:55)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AlanClark to
    update conference.opensuse.org with TTP info</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-173'>AlanClark</a>,
    17:54:55)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">manugupt1 and
    AlanClark to post TTP announce to news.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-174'>AlanClark</a>,
    17:55:08)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">toscalix_ to
    work on the brochure and will discuss with izabel</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-217'>AlanClark</a>,
    18:02:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AlanClark to
    intro toscalix_ and izabel</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-220'>AlanClark</a>,
    18:02:42)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AlanClark
    will update the todo wiki page with the action items from today's
    meeting</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-243'>AlanClark</a>,
    18:08:55)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AlanClark to
    add transportation planning to the todo list</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-274'>AlanClark</a>,
    18:20:23)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">|miska| to
    create a wiki page for people to write from where they are going to
    share a travel costs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-293'>AlanClark</a>,
    18:29:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">need travel requests submitted by August
    20</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-304'>AlanClark</a>,
    18:32:10)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">announce on
    news. first week of August travel request deadlines</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-315'>AlanClark</a>,
    18:34:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">include hotel
    information with travel announcement</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-326'>AlanClark</a>,
    18:37:55)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AlanClark
    will follow up with Izabel regarding travel request deadlines and
    posting to .news</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-331'>AlanClark</a>,
    18:41:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">|miska| to
    ask #opensuse-artwork for help create badges to promote
    conferences</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html#l-347'>AlanClark</a>,
    18:48:56)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:56:40 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2012-07-11-17.15.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>robjo will write first announcment, manugupt1will post it to news.o.o, hendersj will make sure it gets posted to forums</li>
  <li>manugupt1 will post 2nd announcement after July 20th - for final push for CFPs</li>
  <li>AlanClark to update conference.opensuse.org with TTP info</li>
  <li>manugupt1 and AlanClark to post TTP announce to news.</li>
  <li>toscalix_ to work on the brochure and will discuss with izabel</li>
  <li>AlanClark to intro toscalix_ and izabel</li>
  <li>AlanClark will update the todo wiki page with the action items from today's meeting</li>
  <li>AlanClark to add transportation planning to the todo list</li>
  <li>|miska| to create a wiki page for people to write from where they are going to share a travel costs</li>
  <li>announce on news. first week of August travel request deadlines</li>
  <li>include hotel information with travel announcement</li>
  <li>AlanClark will follow up with Izabel regarding travel request deadlines and posting to .news</li>
  <li>|miska| to ask #opensuse-artwork for help create badges to promote conferences</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> AlanClark <ol>
    <li>AlanClark to update conference.opensuse.org with TTP info</li>
    <li>manugupt1 and AlanClark to post TTP announce to news.</li>
    <li>AlanClark to intro toscalix_ and izabel</li>
    <li>AlanClark will update the todo wiki page with the action items from today's meeting</li>
    <li>AlanClark to add transportation planning to the todo list</li>
    <li>AlanClark will follow up with Izabel regarding travel request deadlines and posting to .news</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> hendersj <ol>
    <li>robjo will write first announcment, manugupt1will post it to news.o.o, hendersj will make sure it gets posted to forums</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> manugupt1 <ol>
    <li>robjo will write first announcment, manugupt1will post it to news.o.o, hendersj will make sure it gets posted to forums</li>
    <li>manugupt1 will post 2nd announcement after July 20th - for final push for CFPs</li>
    <li>manugupt1 and AlanClark to post TTP announce to news.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> robjo <ol>
    <li>robjo will write first announcment, manugupt1will post it to news.o.o, hendersj will make sure it gets posted to forums</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> toscalix_ <ol>
    <li>toscalix_ to work on the brochure and will discuss with izabel</li>
    <li>AlanClark to intro toscalix_ and izabel</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> |miska| <ol>
    <li>|miska| to create a wiki page for people to write from where they are going to share a travel costs</li>
    <li>|miska| to ask #opensuse-artwork for help create badges to promote conferences</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>announce on news. first week of August travel request deadlines</li>
    <li>include hotel information with travel announcement</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>|miska| (126)</li>
  <li>AlanClark (86)</li>
  <li>toscalix_ (58)</li>
  <li>robjo (40)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (19)</li>
  <li>suseROCKs (16)</li>
  <li>tampakrap (8)</li>
  <li>hendersj (5)</li>
  <li>cboltz (4)</li>
  <li>bugbot (3)</li>
  <li>anditosan (3)</li>
  <li>differentreality (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
