<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">20:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">20:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Mar  7 20:02:30 2012 UTC.  The chair is yaloki. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">20:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">20:02:39 </span><span class="nka">* AlanClark</span> <span class="ac">wakes from reading emails</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">20:02:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">AlanClark henne mrdocs FunkyPenguin</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">20:02:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AlanClark FunkyPenguin henne mrdocs yaloki
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">20:02:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> moaning
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">20:03:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> We have 5 items on the agenda: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">20:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 1. Discussing how to communicate well to Asians or others who are not able to attend meetings and also how to answer their queries related to project-cum-board related meeting. (Manu)
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">20:03:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 2. a question related to ambassador travel programme
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">20:03:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> (who added that? what question?)
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">20:03:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 3. Membership lapse discussion update/follow up/discussion (robjo)
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">20:03:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">wstephenson</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">20:03:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AlanClark FunkyPenguin henne mrdocs wstephenson yaloki
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">20:03:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 4. Failing infrastructure, by tigerfoot
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">20:04:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 5. Face to face meeting results (Alan)
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">20:04:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> let's get going
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">20:04:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Discussing how to communicate well to Asians or others who are not able to attend meetings</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">20:04:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> think the bot is asleep
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">20:04:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Discussing how to communicate well to Asians or others who are not able to attend meetings</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">20:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> oh well
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">20:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> here?
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">20:05:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 3
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">20:05:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 2
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">20:05:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 1
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">20:05:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> please discuss by email on the list
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">20:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 2. a question related to ambassador travel programme
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">20:05:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> ok, let's look up who added that item
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">20:05:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> it was manugupt1
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">20:05:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> thought so
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">20:06:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">20:06:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">to discuss on the list, manugupt1 is afk</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">20:06:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> warlordfff or Izabel - Do you have any idea what question manugupt1 had?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">20:06:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> no idea
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">20:07:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> last meeting I was supposed to talk about it but I think won't be necessary now
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">20:07:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> making a point?
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">20:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> don't know what is his question
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">20:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Brb in 6 mins
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">20:07:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay, we'll pick those up then
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">20:07:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Membership lapse discussion update/follow up/discussion (robjo)</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">20:07:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> awake? :)
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">20:07:52 </span><span class="nka">* yaloki</span> <span class="ac">feels it's going to be a quick one</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">20:08:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj_&gt;</span> ^^
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">20:08:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Failing infrastructure</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">20:08:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> ping
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">20:08:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> pong
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">20:08:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> hurray :D
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">20:08:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> damn!
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">20:08:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">20:08:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> how can we track failures &amp; remove impediments about contributions. (tigerfoot) During the last months, we've got especially on week-ends failures in wikis, mailing list, forums, bugzilla, obs. A big chunk of our contributors have free time during week-end. Can we improve the situation, like pre-announcing cleary maintenance period? Have a "crisis" cell able to push quickly and rapidly informations (emails,forums,websites,irc ...
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">20:08:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> ... channels). Can we try to find a right balance between maintenance needs, and availability during off business hours? (Editing this sample part take me 10 tries, on a 28 hours range ...)
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">20:08:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> that is the question
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">20:09:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> okay I just first want to improve the situation, not telling that infra is in bad state or not maintained ( admin, etc does a really fantastic jobs)
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">20:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> is that mainly about ichain issues?
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">20:09:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> to be honest, either convince our main sponsor of putting more money into the infrastructure, or find another sponsor for infrastructure elsewhere
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">20:09:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> we don't even know
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">20:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> there have been proxy issues in provo since a few weeks
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">20:10:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> that lead to www.o.o, en.o.o, forums, etc. to be offline or only intermittently available during long periods
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">20:10:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> it was about ichain migration, wiki migration, then wikis not availaible, forums not available, also the incident of harddrive failure blocking obs 3 days.
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">20:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> matthew ehle tries to wrestle with it, but I think that one issue is information about it (no announcements of failure anywhere or that it's being worked on)
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">20:10:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and .. well .. dare I say QoS
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">20:11:09 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson</span> <span class="ac">nods</span>
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">20:11:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I don't doubt matthew's skills, so maybe there isn't enough time for him and his team to take care of the opensuse infrastructure
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">20:11:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> so the idea if it's possible to implement is trying to add a infrastructure status panel in www.o.o
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">20:11:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> with green,amber,red light for main website
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">20:11:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> www.o.o is down often enough too
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">20:11:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> with a redondant in community.o.o
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">20:11:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> and as long as the admins don't react, it's only partly useful :\
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">20:12:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> one "popular" problem is that the redirect en.o.o/ -&gt; en.o.o/Main_Page fails
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">20:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> Matthew usually fixes it quite quickly - at least at the hours when I mail him
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">20:12:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> depending of how we do it, like simple monitor, and yes a place where admins can push a message kinda of rss
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">20:12:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> yes but not having the issue in the first place is more sound
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">20:12:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> nevertheless, having a mail address of the datacenter would probably be a good idea
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">20:12:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> (Matthew isn't awake 24/7 ;-)
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">20:12:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> twitter ;)
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">20:13:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> if that message is up to date, yes
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">20:13:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> that just will improve the way we get the information and where we can send users to more informations
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">20:13:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> but the root of the problem is something else
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">20:13:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> eg the build.o.o status panel is only updated for major outages, which is frustrating when does not contain info on the current outage
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">20:13:47 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">is back</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">20:13:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> to be honest, I have learned a few things about the current infrastructure situation for openSUSE related things
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">20:14:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and I won't even spell out what it is publicly
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">20:14:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> it's fragile at best
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">20:14:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> AFAIK Matthew plans to do setup some status monitoring, but I don't know when this will be done
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">20:14:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> okay that's a first step at least .
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">20:14:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> so either more money invested into that, or find other options elsewhere
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">20:14:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> yes, it will speed up the "get notified" part
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">20:14:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and for OBS the issues are even more complicated
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">20:14:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> let's make a list of the popular issues and see if we can find mitigation ideas
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">20:15:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> yeah, nothing we can act on during this meeting
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">20:15:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> so my concern ... if we want to have a growing community, we can't afford 8 weeks-end without contributions ...
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">20:15:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">20:15:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> anyone up to own that task and trigger the discussion on -project? (and collect some points)
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">20:15:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> oh I know
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">20:15:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> to be honest, I believe the only viable option is to move out
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">20:15:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hi I'm actually running out the door.  but if I may offer my view of "popular issues"  part of the problem is also ability to contact whomever is able to fix the problem.
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">20:15:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> but let's see what can be done
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">20:16:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> okay push me on action ... for that, and if -project react well, then I will open openfate
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">20:16:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> indeed, part of the problem
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">20:16:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Matt is awesome, he seems to respond within an hour in most cases, but generally if something goes down on weekends outside of his domain, we don't have any relief until Monday morning
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">20:16:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">tigerfoot trigger thread on project list about recurring infrastructure issues, collect on openFATE</span>
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">20:16:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> thx yaloki now you can achieve the speedy boarding :D
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">20:16:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> but we cannot seriously have thousands of contributors who do that during their spare time be dependent on one or two admins
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">20:17:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> please include Matthew in CC - I doubt he's subscribed on -project
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">20:17:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and we're lucky to have darix who's often around at impossible times
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">20:17:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> okay
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">20:17:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yaloki,   agreed.  But there's a few of us who are around enough that we can be a conduit
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">20:17:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> we should be able to contribute to fix, not just alert
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">20:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> anyhow, let's move on, and discuss on -project
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">20:17:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yaloki,   absolutely,  I'm not saying ignore the fix  :-)
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">20:17:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Discussing how to communicate well to Asians or others who are not able to attend meetings and also how to answer their queries related to project-cum-board related meeting</span>
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">20:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> how did you manage to put "cum" into an agenda item?
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">20:18:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anyway... gotta go.   Good luck all with the meeting
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">20:18:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> we should also discuss with Michael and Alan how to get QoS up to the same level as suse.com infrastructure
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">20:18:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> Hmm was on phone..
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">20:18:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Sorry
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">20:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> phone sex then
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">20:18:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> ^^
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">20:18:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no chit chat!  :-)
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">20:18:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Bye
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">20:18:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span>  I'll take it up with Michael
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">20:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> if we don't want SLE and openSUSE communities to grow up seperately, they both need shared reliable infrastructure
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">20:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay, those are two items
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">20:19:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> yep
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">20:19:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> next item please
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">20:19:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay, so first
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">20:19:10 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson</span> <span class="ac">yields</span>
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">20:19:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> Discussing how to communicate well to Asians or others who are not able to attend meetings
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">20:19:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I only see one option
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">20:19:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> stop doing project meetings on IRC
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">20:19:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> that's the only thing that can be done
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">20:19:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> I have one solution
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">20:19:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and I'm actually in favour of that
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">20:20:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> go ahead
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">20:20:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> if anyone has anyquestions they can mark the thread as [questions from project meeting], so that those threads can be written and read
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">20:21:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> but questions from the project meeting are just questions
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">20:21:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> Well someone should reply right?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">20:21:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> anyone is free to reply
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">20:21:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> questions or clarifications?
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">20:22:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Well clarification, doubts fromt the log
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">20:22:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> That is what I mean
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">20:22:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Not anything outside it..
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">20:22:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> that doesn't solve the timezone issues
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">20:22:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> That gives an opportunity to speak up atleast
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">20:22:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> personally, I'd just kill the irc meetings
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">20:23:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> apart from the board team, there are 4-5 people present and participating at best
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">20:23:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> we'll never resolve the timezone issue
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">20:23:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> maybe at least 1 per 1-2 months
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">20:23:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and anything that is discussed here can be done equally so on the project mailing-list, imho
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">20:23:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Yes.. lets discuss it via mail
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">20:23:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">20:23:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok?
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">20:24:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Can I ask my next question
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">20:24:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">yaloki propose killing the IRC project meetings on the project list</span>
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">20:24:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> sure:)
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">20:24:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> the other one from the agenda ?
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">20:24:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> My second question is from the travel program.
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">20:24:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">20:24:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">a question related to ambassador travel programme (manu)</span>
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">20:24:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay, please do, the agenda item is a bit vague ^^
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">20:24:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> First of all I will congratulate everyone
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">20:25:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> related to the program.. however there is an item that specifically addresses gsoc students.. which I do not like
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">20:25:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amonthoth&gt;</span> using mailing list, irc and wiki to keep action updates or calling for
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">20:25:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I had rather sponsor someone who has contributing without gsoc
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">20:25:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> sorry I don't understand your last line
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">20:26:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> please rephrase :)
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">20:26:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I'm not catching the tie to the travel program
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">20:26:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> I mean I know students who have been rejected but still have contributed to openSUSE, those students need to be sponsored
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">20:26:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> we have written: Exceptions The Travel Committee may occasionally sponsor people who are not active openSUSE contributors. For example, Google Summer of Code or locals needing to cover openSUSE attendance in major conferences or needed events.
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">20:26:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> sponsored for what?
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">20:27:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> "those students need to be sponsored", why?
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">20:27:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> Exactly this line, I do not like the mention to gsoc..
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">20:27:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> local events, etc
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">20:27:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> as an encouragement dont you think so?
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">20:27:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> with this line we give them a chance to be sponsored even if they don't stay longer around
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">20:27:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> oh really?
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">20:27:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj_&gt;</span> well it says occassinaly, so i think its good.
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">20:28:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> exactly
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">20:28:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> Do you have a problem with wording or do you think the program does not apply insome cases?
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">20:28:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj_&gt;</span> occasionally *
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">20:28:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> Special mention to gsoc is something I do not like honestly
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">20:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> Its like special mention to SUSE employees
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">20:28:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> here
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">20:29:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> People who are part of community *ARE*, no need to make a distinction
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">20:29:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj_&gt;</span> manugupt1, you sure you reading it right ? :) .
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">20:29:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> well it's an example
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">20:29:36 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">is a pro gsoc :)</span>
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">20:29:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> manugupt1 also I don't know which student you are talking about
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">20:29:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> I don't see any distinction in giving two examples ("gsoc students or locals")
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">20:29:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> I have a list from those who applied for oSC2011
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">20:30:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> Saurabh Sood is one :)
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">20:30:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> let me check
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">20:30:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj_&gt;</span> ah
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">20:30:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Not just oSC but also FOSDEM
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">20:30:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> He was selected for a talk but did not get sponsored wstephenson is witness I gues
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">20:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I believe you have a pretty wild theory about whom should get sponsored for what
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">20:31:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> No.. I am just asking to remove the word gsoc from it
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">20:31:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> We cannot sponsor every single person - and just having a presentation that is somehow openSUSE related is not a reason to have sponsorship.
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">20:31:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> +1
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">20:31:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">20:31:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> Agreed, he was promised with Jos but
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">20:31:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Jos had told him
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">20:31:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> +1
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">20:32:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> You're reading far more in the gsoc than it is, it's an example.
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">20:32:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> ah, it's jos now?
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">20:32:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> interesting
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">20:32:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i think it's difficult
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">20:32:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> ... to say we'll sponsor all accepted speakers' travel
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">20:32:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> Then talk with jospoortvliet about what he said - or what you understood.
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">20:32:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> The travel committee is not bound by what Jos on his own says.
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">20:33:08 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">still does not like the word gsoc there.. gsoc results are temporary</span>
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">20:33:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> usually
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">20:33:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> Let's discuss with kostas how to improve the wording via email, ok?
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">20:33:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> well, it's an example, and it seems to be fine with everyone else, we should move on here
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">20:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Also gsoc is not an ambassador thing
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">20:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> AJaeger ok
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">20:33:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> bbi 3
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">20:33:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> there?
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">20:33:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">20:33:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> oh neat
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">20:33:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> And since they are temporary, they are a perfect example of some people that are not active in openSUSE.
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">20:34:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Membership lapse discussion update/follow up/discussion (robjo)</span>
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">20:34:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> --------- next topic
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">20:34:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> please move on :)
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">20:34:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> the stage is yours sir
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">20:34:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> give me and izabell an action to discuss this further via email ;)
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">20:34:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I added something to the memebership page for review by the membership team
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">20:34:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> Otherwise I agree.
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">20:34:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AJaeger izabelvalverde_ manugupt1 discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel program</span>
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">20:34:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">20:35:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> Izabel and AJ yaloki please
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">20:35:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AJaeger manugupt1 discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel program</span>
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">20:35:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> err
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">20:35:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I've also sent a message to the membership team to get feedback and/or an OK to use the proposed text for a ballot
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">20:35:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AJaeger izabelvalverde_ discuss the wording/inclusion of "gsoc" in the travel program</span>
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">20:35:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I have not heard anything back
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">20:35:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> like this then ^^ sorry ^^
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">20:35:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> yep
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">20:35:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> yaloki thanks
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">20:36:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I think the membership team needs some support and caretaking, only a very few ones seem active and/or aware of what needs to be done
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">20:36:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Maybe the board should just take a look at this and then we can move to have the wording approved by the memebship?
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">20:36:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> looks like no one feels in charge of the topic amongst the team members
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">20:36:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> robjo I personnally not seen it in -project, but perhaps it was on the same thread I automatically mark as read :(
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">20:37:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> robjo - can you give a url to the page?  I'm not seeing it on the membership page I'm looking at
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">20:37:12 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">agree yaloki's comments about membership team ...</span>
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">20:37:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> just a sec
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">20:38:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Members
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">20:38:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Look for Maintaining your membership
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">20:38:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Members#Maintaining_your_membership
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">20:38:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> got it
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">20:39:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I guess that more than half of the people listed there as membership team members aren't even aware of it ^^
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">20:39:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> what kind of feedback do you expect?
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">20:40:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> afaik 99% of the work there lies on wolfiR's shoulders
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">20:40:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> yes, no, reword
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">20:41:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> it's a project and board decision IMHO. The membership team "only" has to execute
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">20:42:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> Shouldn't the membership team agree to what they are "executing"?
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">20:42:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> my impression is that we won't really find a quorum/agreement on the project list. or do you have a different opinion?
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">20:42:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> probably, but we should also have the opinion of the people who are in charge of that :)
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">20:42:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shayonj_&gt;</span> at least it should not look like, they are doing what they are just told to do. :)
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">20:43:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> indeed :)
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">20:43:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> yes, I think the project list discussion has run it's course, we've seen all arguments, probably twice.
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">20:43:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> it's an important role and people on that team need to have the trust of many, to avoid watering down the value of membership
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">20:43:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think the new text added to the page gives us a way forward
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">20:43:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> it's a lot more than "just executing" imho :)
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">20:43:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> agreed, it's concise :)
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">20:44:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> personally I do not agree with that kind of handling member status
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">20:44:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> membership is perpetual in your opinion?
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">20:44:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> That discussion was undertaken on the mailing list; let's not redo it here
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">20:45:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> I skipped this discussion as I tend to perpetual but also have no strong argument about it
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">20:45:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> +1
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">20:45:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">20:45:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> so how should we move on on that topic
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">20:45:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> board vote?
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">20:45:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> we'll still have to fiddle the details
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">20:46:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> "not active for 2 years", we need to find out when that happens
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">20:46:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> as discussed already, really calls for some proper tooling
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">20:46:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I make a motion that the board evaluate the new text and if the board can agree or wordsmith lets put this up for vote, if we still think that voting is appropriate.
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">20:46:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> I just wanted to say that individuals caring about the topic likely have contributed to the -project discussion and you won't get more "membership team" opinions on it
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">20:46:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> true
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">20:47:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> good point
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">20:47:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> the board could poll the rest of the membership team
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">20:47:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> +1
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">20:47:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">20:47:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> they should have an opinion on this, or step back.
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">20:47:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I'd propose to move that topic to the board now then
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">20:47:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i can take that on
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">20:47:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> we'll probably try to prod the others on the membership team
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">20:47:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> thanks the text is really clear, especially if in the meantime there's option in connect to pull/push past contributions.
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">20:48:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and then circulate and vote
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">20:48:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> well the really tricky part will be "not active for 2 years", how will we notice
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">20:48:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> (-&gt; tools)
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">20:49:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I would just ask for clicking somewhere on connect ;)
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">20:49:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">wstephenson poke the other members of the membership team for their opinion on the membership lapse topic http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Members#Maintaining_your_membership</span>
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">20:49:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> suseROCKs had pointed out in the discussion that we need to separate process from policy, this new text follows this proposal.
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">20:49:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> absolutely
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">20:49:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> thanks for driving the topic so far
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">20:49:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">board vote to enact or reject http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Members#Maintaining_your_membership</span>
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">20:50:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> I agree with the proposed action and am wondering what we can put down as a response time.  Not sure how quickly we can poll the membership team
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">20:50:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> yes robjo very helpful
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">20:50:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We can have another discussion on how we detect the 2 year of inactivity and implement tools as needed. These would not require a vote anyway
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">20:50:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> two weeks seems like a realistic timeframe
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">20:50:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> indeed
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">20:50:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> +1
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">20:50:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">20:50:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> if we don't get a reply within two weeks, well, tough luck really
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">20:51:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> assuming wstephenson will send out prodding emails in the next few days
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">20:51:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Face to face meeting results (Alan)</span>
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">20:51:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay, last topic, 10min left
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">20:52:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlanClark:</span> is it a Q&amp;A or is there more to add to your email to the list on that topic?
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">20:52:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Actually I didn't put this on the agenda, so am not sure what is being asked for?
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">20:52:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> oh, okay
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">20:52:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> Was there questions?
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">20:52:47 </span><span class="nka">* yaloki</span> <span class="ac">thinks mediawiki needs a blame feature</span>
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">20:53:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> anyway, there is a thread on that topic on the project list
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">20:53:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> questions can be asked there
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">20:53:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlanClark&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">20:53:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
