07:23:30 <AEtherC0r3> #startmeeting stand-up
07:23:30 <bugbot> Meeting started Mon Jun 12 07:23:30 2017 UTC.  The chair is AEtherC0r3. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
07:23:30 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
07:24:28 <AEtherC0r3> The first week of gsoc I modified the call for papers, so we can have multiple cfps for different reasons e.g. a cfp for proposals, one for tracks, another for booths etc
07:24:44 <AEtherC0r3> The changes can be viewed at https://github.com/openSUSE/osem/pull/1523
07:26:45 <AEtherC0r3> The past week I was working on implementing track requests, where I introduced the notion of a self-organized track. So far, I've made changes that allow us to distinct between regular and self-organized tracks, and added new fields that will hold information that is required for the track requests and their new purpose. I've also added the role of the Track organizer and defined it's abilities
07:28:17 <AEtherC0r3> Because I'm using the Tracks' names in urls, I need to create a migration or a task that will normalize the names of existing tracks, so as not to include underscores and to be unique for every conference/program
07:29:05 <AEtherC0r3> These changes can be viewed at https://github.com/AEtherC0r3/osem/tree/track_requests
07:29:22 <AEtherC0r3> I will open a pr when the above issue will be resolved and appropriate integration tests will be added
07:29:42 <AEtherC0r3> #endmeeting