<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-kde log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">17:59:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">17:59:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Nov 21 17:59:42 2012 UTC.  The chair is tittiatcoke. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">17:59:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:00:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">Welcome to the openSUSE KDE community IRC meeting! Please wait with other discussion until the meeting is over. This meeting is logged</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:00:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> The agenda for tonight is:
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:00:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> 1. Old action items
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:00:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> 2. Status report
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:00:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> o/
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> 3. KDE Team Task list
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:01:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> im getting bothered by family FYI, so i will be on and off
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:01:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> 4. Apper or Kupdateapplet
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> ok
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:01:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> 5. Bring KDE 4.10 Beta 1 into KDF ?
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:01:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> 6. Q&amp;A, Misc
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:01:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Any other points ?
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:01:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Bille&gt;</span> i'll try and be there for 5
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:02:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Ok
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Old Action Items</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:02:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Action 1:  wstephenson &amp; einar77 create a patch-formatter to add the kde standard headers.
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:03:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Bille:</span> Anything on this one as that einar77 isn't there ?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:04:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Ok. checking the old action items, then the actionholders are not in the meeting. So let's move on to the next topic
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:05:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status Report</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:05:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">shumski:</span> Status on the desktoptheme ?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:05:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> it is doing fine
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:05:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> altough i would appreciate some broader feedback
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:05:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Is it now in a kind of finished state or are there still items that you want to polish ?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:06:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> there are 2 bugs which are blocking a state a+i would want it to be
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:06:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> but i don't know when/will they be fixed
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:06:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Which 2 bugs ?
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> screenlocker text, and nm plasmoid box
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:07:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Aha. Ok. Based on this I would propose to move your work into the official kdebase4-openSUSE and then push it to Factory ?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:07:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> i am for that
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:08:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> other opinions ?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:08:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> how do you mean?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:08:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">tittiatcoke shumski update the kdebase4-openSUSE github repo with the new plasma-theme and submit to factory</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:09:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> oh yeah, change the name
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">shumski:</span> I just wanted to see if the other would have a different opinion about moving it to factory :-)
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:09:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> ok :-)
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Status from my side is that I pushed a newer snapshot in KUSC (which is just a little younger than Beta 1). Unfortunately before I could publish it, both repo's got retriggered.
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:10:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Also KDE in Factory is now ConsoleKit free.
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:10:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> any other status ?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:11:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> first and only DE in openSUSE so far :-)
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:11:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">shumski:</span> Nope. Gnome was ready at the same time :-)
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> i had gnome yesterday installed, and it still pull CK
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:11:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> *pullls
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:12:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> I see. Maybe this is caused by pulling in XDM ?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:12:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">KDE Team task list.</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:12:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> nope, gnome-session and some other things, but that is for gnome team
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:14:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Ok the task list is on http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:KDE_packaging_tasks.  However I have the feeling that we can skip this one due to the low participation. Based on my email I got two reactions of people that want to help out, but after I indicated some thing to them no further reaction. So I guess the core team is still krop, alin, einar, shumski and myself.
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:14:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Next topic, I guess :-)
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:14:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> i am ready and eager :-)
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:15:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> # topic Apper or Kupdateapplet
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:15:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> about the tasks
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:15:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">shumski:</span> I know and you have been proving this the last weeks :-) And your work is very much appreciated
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:15:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> oki :-)
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:16:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> on the apper vs kupdate, i don't have any strong opinion
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:16:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> one needs a update applet for the distro, but neither imo provide a flawless solution
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:16:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> *on
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:16:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> The topic was raised by somebody that also submitted an update on the old kupdateapplet. I know that we had some discussions in the past.
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> sorry it seems I have to go...
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:17:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">shumski:</span> I know. Unfortunately it seems that PackageKit 0.8.x is heavily improved, but the zypp backend is no longer compatible. So I guess we can only take a real decision at a later point when we can compare really the latest apper and see how this works
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alin:</span> Ok
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:18:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> sorry for missing the metting
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:18:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> yup
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:18:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alin:</span> No problem
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:19:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">tittiatcoke keep the discussion apper/kupdateapplet on the actionlist until we know what happens with the PackageKit zypp backend</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:19:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Then the next topic.
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:19:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Bring KDE 4.10 Beta 1 in KDF ?</span>
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:19:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Bille:</span> You there ?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:20:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> me votes - yes
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:20:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:20:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> It was brought in by einar77 and the rational would be to keep 4.10 Beta 1 only in KDF until 4.10 reaches the RC state. This could mean that Factory doesn't get fixes for KDE for a certain period
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:21:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> that is a ~month?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:21:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Bille:</span> krop mrdocs herby:  Any opinion on this ?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:21:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">shumski:</span> I believe so
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> yup, RC1 is out on 19th Dec
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:22:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;herby&gt;</span> I am for 4.10 Beta in KDF
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:23:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Ok. Let's wait a little and maybe Bille is coming back :-)
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:23:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ctrippe:</span> any opinion on bringing KDE 4.10 Beta 1 into KDF and push 4.10 to Factory when it reaches the RC1 level ?
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:24:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ctrippe&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> I'm in favor of 4.10 Beta 1 in KDF given the timeline for 12.3
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:24:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Ok :-)
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:25:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">KDE 4.10 Beta 1 will be pushed into KDF.</span>
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:25:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> then nepomuk indexer doesn't have to be split?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:26:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">tittiatcoke set out an actionplan to decouple KR49 from KDF and then to update KDF with the 4.10 packages</span>
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:26:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> since it builds without ffmpeg
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:26:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">shumski:</span> Correct
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:26:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">shumski:</span> Beta 1 is actually already in KUSC and there we have been building the nepomuk indexer already. :-)
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:26:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> cool :-)
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:27:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Ok. I will check tomorrow what exactly needs to be done :-)
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:27:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> oki
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:28:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> last topic :-)
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:28:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Q&amp;A, Misc</span>
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:28:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Anything ?
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> i would suggest that the list items get marked
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:29:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> that which are done
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:29:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">shumski:</span> Which list items ?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:29:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> and/or in-progrees
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:29:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> the KDE improvements page
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:29:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Aha. Ok :-) Yeah, we need to update that one
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:29:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">tittiatcoke put the KDE improvement page as a continuous point on the agenda</span>
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:30:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> i guess when more people are here :-)
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:30:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">tittiatcoke update the KDE improvement page based on the current status.</span>
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:30:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">shumski:</span> That would be nice :-)
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:30:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">shumski:</span> thanks for this reminder :-)
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:30:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:30:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Any other points ?
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:31:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> kamoso currentlyy needs a patch for building against libkipi2
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:31:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Ok.
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:31:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> and i am also for including new kcm-gofig-gtk
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:31:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> *config
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:31:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Yeah, we need that one. :-) I have in my home repo, so easy to push :-)
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:31:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> i have the package ready somewhere (but i saw adra assigned)
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:31:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> I hope that we get a release soon :-)
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:32:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> it is released :-)
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:32:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Ok :-)
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:32:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> me finds the link
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:33:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;adra&gt;</span> yeah, I have packaged the latest version packaged
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:33:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> can't find the link, but was couple a days ago
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:33:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;adra&gt;</span> see https://build.opensuse.org/package/show?package=kde-gtk-config&amp;project=home%3Aadra
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:33:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">adra:</span> Can you push that one to KDF ?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:34:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;adra&gt;</span> OK
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:34:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">adra push kde-gtk-config to KDF for inclusion in Factory</span>
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:34:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> oh yeah
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:34:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> one thing
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:34:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> do we want webaccouunts?
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:35:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Explain :-)
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:35:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Bille&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> +1 on 4.10b1 in KDF
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:35:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Bille:</span> Ok. Thanks :-)
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:35:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Bille&gt;</span> is that the online accounts thing?
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:35:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Bille&gt;</span> <span class="hi">shumski:</span> afiestas' baby?
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:35:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> yuo
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:35:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> yup
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:35:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> http://quickgit.kde.org/?p=web-accounts.git
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:35:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Is that in a usable state ?
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:36:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> was couple of months ago, i need to test it now
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:36:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> *but*, it doesn't have a release afaik
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:36:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Bille&gt;</span> sounds like a KUP thing
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:36:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Seems that since beginning of October nothing happened with it
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:36:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Bille:</span> Agree
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:37:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Bille&gt;</span> afiestas is a very busy senor
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:37:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:37:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">shumski:</span> Can you create a package for it and then push it to KDE:Unstable:Playground ?
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:37:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> yes :-)
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:38:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Bille:</span> His new baby is also in git :-)  libkscreen and kscreen
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:38:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> i was also looking to package python requirements for nepomuk-metadata-extractor
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:38:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Bille&gt;</span> must show that to jw
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:39:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Bille:</span> Doesn't work yet :-(
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:39:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">shumski:</span> what python requirements ?
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:39:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> for the plugins
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:39:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> otherwise it's pretty useless :-)
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:39:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> I see. Ok. Go for it :-)
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:40:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Bille&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> what's the latest on this desktop sprint plan
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:43:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Bille:</span> Not much. Still looking at the participants and if the timing is right
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:43:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Any other topics for discussion ?
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:44:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;shumski&gt;</span> nope from me
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:44:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Bille&gt;</span> not from me
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:44:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ctrippe&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:44:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Bille&gt;</span> just took delivery of a rasp pi
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:44:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Bille&gt;</span> maybe i can get anna helping us using it
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:45:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:46:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Ok. Then I would close the meeting. Thanks everyone
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:46:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> beh
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:46:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> I arrive just in time for it to close
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:47:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">einar77:</span> Yup. :-) But we got the go for putting 4.10B1 in KDF
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:48:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Bille&gt;</span> gotta get this one to bed now
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:48:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Bille:</span> Ok. Thanks
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:48:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
