======================================================================================================================================================
#opensuse-kde: Welcome to the openSUSE KDE community IRC meeting! Please wait with other discussion until the meeting is over. This meeting is logged.
======================================================================================================================================================


Meeting started by einar77 at 19:00:21 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-kde/2013/opensuse-kde.2013-03-19-19.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* old action items  (einar77, 19:01:26)
  * ACTION: alin write to factory ML regarding Simon's status  (einar77,
    19:08:07)
  * ACTION: cb400f Make a start with a wiki page for apper  (einar77,
    19:11:47)

* status report  (einar77, 19:15:59)

* Planning a review of openSUSE patches  (einar77, 19:17:37)
  * ACTION: einar77 Create a skeleton page for patch review  (einar77,
    19:24:14)
  * ACTION: einar77 Announce wiki page for patch review on ML  (einar77,
    19:24:24)

* Adjustment (enforcing) of patch policy  (einar77, 19:28:52)
  * ACTION: tittiatcoke investigate the creation of a github repo for
    patches and other KDE team tools  (einar77, 19:43:48)
  * ACTION: all Enforce annotated patch policy for future SRs  (einar77,
    19:44:20)
  * ACTION: NicoK open a FATE ticket for improved history in OBS
    (einar77, 19:46:10)
  * ACTION: einar77 write to opensuse-kde ML for the new patch policy
    (einar77, 19:50:06)
  * ACTION: shumski annotate existing patches if the new patch policy
    proceeds  (einar77, 19:50:41)

* Summary of the 12.3 development cycle: what was good, what wasn't,
  ideas for improvement  (einar77, 19:52:39)
  * LINK: http://lists.kde.org/?l=kde-devel&m=136347311903866&w=2
    (krop, 20:14:54)

* Review of KDE Repositories  (einar77, 20:16:13)

* *  How to proceed with KUSC ? (bnc#706813 and the work done by
  shumski)  (einar77, 20:16:38)
  * ACTION: shumski further investigate out-of-prefix KUSC  (einar77,
    20:32:00)
  * ACTION: shumski submit sysinfo to KDE:Extra with the indication that
    it is unsupported  (tittiatcoke, 20:51:02)
  * ACTION: krop drop akonadi-googledata and libgcal from KDE:Extra for
    KDE:Release:48  (tittiatcoke, 20:51:23)
  * ACTION: everyone SR's to core packages in KDF will be accepted once
    or maximum twice a week to minimize the KDF rebuilds  (tittiatcoke,
    20:58:17)
  * ACTION: tittiatcoke Set the local flags for KR410 to prevent
    unnecessary rebuilds  (tittiatcoke, 21:05:31)



Meeting ended at 22:40:36 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* alin
  * alin write to factory ML regarding Simon's status
* cb400f
  * cb400f Make a start with a wiki page for apper
* einar77
  * einar77 Create a skeleton page for patch review
  * einar77 Announce wiki page for patch review on ML
  * einar77 write to opensuse-kde ML for the new patch policy
* krop
  * krop drop akonadi-googledata and libgcal from KDE:Extra for
    KDE:Release:48
* NicoK
  * NicoK open a FATE ticket for improved history in OBS
* shumski
  * shumski annotate existing patches if the new patch policy proceeds
  * shumski further investigate out-of-prefix KUSC
  * shumski submit sysinfo to KDE:Extra with the indication that it is
    unsupported
* tittiatcoke
  * tittiatcoke investigate the creation of a github repo for patches
    and other KDE team tools
  * tittiatcoke Set the local flags for KR410 to prevent unnecessary
    rebuilds
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * all Enforce annotated patch policy for future SRs
  * everyone SR's to core packages in KDF will be accepted once or
    maximum twice a week to minimize the KDF rebuilds



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* einar77 (203)
* shumski (62)
* tittiatcoke (62)
* NicoK (41)
* krop (27)
* mrdocs (16)
* alin (15)
* cb400f (14)
* ryrych (3)
* bugbot (3)
* CygniX (2)
* rdmitry (2)
* SUSEhelp (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4