<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-kde: Welcome to the openSUSE KDE community IRC meeting! Please wait with other discussion until the meeting is over. This meeting is logged</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-kde: Welcome to the openSUSE KDE community IRC meeting! Please wait with other discussion until the meeting is over. This meeting is logged</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by tittiatcoke at 18:00:36 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Transition plan to switch TW to Plasma5 as default. When, how, etc.</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-20'>tittiatcoke</a>, 18:05:54)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">What to do
    with an update applet. Go for Apper on P5, Muon or just nothing
    (yast/zypper)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-37'>tittiatcoke</a>,
    18:10:58)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">tittiatcoke
    to check with Richard, Bernhard, DimStar who should normally write
    new tests for openQA</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-47'>tittiatcoke</a>,
    18:14:30)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">tittiatcoke
    to check with coolo and DimStar what the limit is for the
    liveCD</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-56'>tittiatcoke</a>,
    18:18:27)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://build.opensuse.org/package/rdiff/KDE:Unstable:Frameworks/plasma5-unstable-pkglist?linkrev=base&amp;rev=3">https://build.opensuse.org/package/rdiff/KDE:Unstable:Frameworks/plasma5-unstable-pkglist?linkrev=base&amp;rev=3</a>
    can be removed e.g. <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-84'>shumski</a>,
    18:28:09)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Changes to the default setup: Application Menu, Desktop Theme, etc</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-105'>tittiatcoke</a>, 18:36:13)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/screenshot12.png">http://cdn.arstechnica.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/screenshot12.png</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-160'>shumski</a>,
    18:56:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The default menu in Plasma5 will be
    kicker</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-178'>tittiatcoke</a>,
    19:00:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Breeze will be the default theme for
    Plasma5</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-198'>tittiatcoke</a>,
    19:06:30)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">shumski to
    contact the volunteer to openSUSE'ify the Breeze iconset</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-199'>tittiatcoke</a>,
    19:07:06)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">shumski to
    look into the default browser settings</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-206'>tittiatcoke</a>,
    19:08:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the upstream KDE menu structure will be
    used</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-220'>tittiatcoke</a>,
    19:11:42)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">SDDM startup issue with Breeze theme. Solution, workaround, .. ?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-224'>tittiatcoke</a>, 19:12:58)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status KDE Applications 15.04.</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-232'>tittiatcoke</a>, 19:15:48)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">OBS repositories that will be used for Frameworks, Plasma and Applications.</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-237'>tittiatcoke</a>, 19:20:34)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">bring up the
    Repositories in the next meeting and particular if KDE:Extra should
    be merged with KDE:Applications.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-262'>tittiatcoke</a>,
    19:28:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The new repositories would be KDE:Frameworks
    (for Frameworks and Plasma5), KDE:Applications (for the KDE
    Application releases) and KDE:Extra (for other KDE/Qt related
    community packages. For each one of these repos we would have an
    unstable variant.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-297'>tittiatcoke</a>,
    19:40:11)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Anything Else ??</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html#l-299'>tittiatcoke</a>, 19:40:35)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:45:17 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-kde.2015-04-01-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>What to do with an update applet. Go for Apper on P5, Muon or just nothing (yast/zypper)</li>
  <li>tittiatcoke to check with Richard, Bernhard, DimStar who should normally write new tests for openQA</li>
  <li>tittiatcoke to check with coolo and DimStar what the limit is for the liveCD</li>
  <li>shumski to contact the volunteer to openSUSE'ify the Breeze iconset</li>
  <li>shumski to look into the default browser settings</li>
  <li>bring up the Repositories in the next meeting and particular if KDE:Extra should be merged with KDE:Applications.</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> shumski <ol>
    <li>shumski to contact the volunteer to openSUSE'ify the Breeze iconset</li>
    <li>shumski to look into the default browser settings</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> tittiatcoke <ol>
    <li>tittiatcoke to check with Richard, Bernhard, DimStar who should normally write new tests for openQA</li>
    <li>tittiatcoke to check with coolo and DimStar what the limit is for the liveCD</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>What to do with an update applet. Go for Apper on P5, Muon or just nothing (yast/zypper)</li>
    <li>bring up the Repositories in the next meeting and particular if KDE:Extra should be merged with KDE:Applications.</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>tittiatcoke (145)</li>
  <li>shumski (116)</li>
  <li>plinnell (29)</li>
  <li>krop (21)</li>
  <li>bugbot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
