18:00:00 <ddemaio> #startmeeting
18:00:00 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed Feb  8 18:00:00 2017 UTC.  The chair is ddemaio. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
18:00:00 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
18:00:29 <ddemaio> Welcome to to the meeting leading up to the openSUSE Conference 2017.
18:00:39 <ddemaio> The plan is to have the meeting from 18:00 UTC to 18:30 UTC.
18:00:48 <ddemaio> #chair ddemaio
18:00:48 <bugbot> Current chairs: ddemaio
18:01:03 <ddemaio> topics for today are
18:01:07 <ddemaio> #topic Status
18:01:07 <ddemaio> #topic Volunteers / Teams
18:01:07 <ddemaio> #topic Summits / Events
18:01:09 <ddemaio> #topic Keynote
18:01:11 <ddemaio> #topic T-Shirts
18:01:13 <ddemaio> #topic Gift Bags
18:01:15 <ddemaio> #topic Videos
18:01:17 <ddemaio> #topic Ideas
18:01:19 <ddemaio> #topic Topics for next meeting
18:01:21 <ddemaio> #topics Links
18:01:23 <ddemaio> #topic Status
18:01:25 <ddemaio> #info Registration 58, Submissions 16
18:01:27 <ddemaio> #info Several Cards advertising oSC17 were handed out at FOSDEM
18:02:49 <ddemaio> should we order posters for people who want to hang up posters at events
18:03:09 <ddemaio> anyone
18:04:09 <ddemaio> #info email Doug it you want posters to advertise oSC17
18:04:20 <ddemaio> #topic Volunteers / Teams
18:04:20 <ddemaio> Some members have expressed an interest to be a part of the selection team
18:05:02 <ddemaio> it would be great to have more. the more the merrier
18:06:19 <ddemaio> There are two people for the selection team right now. We should have at least 4 to make the best determinations on submissions
18:07:15 <ddemaio> #topic Summits/Events
18:07:15 <ddemaio> #info Kolab named a POC to collaborate with for a Kolab Summit
18:07:15 <ddemaio> #info Members of the community asked for an openQA day, awaiting details
18:07:17 <ddemaio> #info Drum Circles scheduled for May 25.
18:07:43 <ddemaio> We don't know what day to put the Kolab Summit. More coordination is needed
18:08:09 <ddemaio> As for the Drum Circles, the plan is to have that on a Friday night.
18:09:01 <ddemaio> Along with the Drum Circles, I think we should do a Brazilian BBQ for dinner
18:09:29 <ddemaio> It would tie in well with the drums.
18:09:49 <ddemaio> Any thoughts or seconds to the Brz BBQ
18:12:17 <ddemaio> ok. Lively crowd tonight
18:12:30 <ddemaio> #topic Keynote
18:12:30 <ddemaio> #info Thomas Hatch has agreed to be a keynote speaker
18:12:30 <ddemaio> #info Contacted James Yonan (OpenVPN founder) about giving a keynote
18:13:50 <ddemaio> #info Aleix Pol from the KDE Board has also been invited
18:14:08 <ddemaio> #topic T-Shirts
18:14:09 <ddemaio> #info Last year the T-Shirts were very complicated. Doing sponsors on the shirt increase the cost, so the design will need to be less complicated.
18:14:39 <cboltz> well, they were also very nice ;-)
18:14:49 <ddemaio> Since we are offering it with the sponsorship package
18:15:00 <ddemaio> thx cboltz
18:15:04 <ddemaio> I agree
18:15:50 <ddemaio> Is there any color preferred for the tshirt this year
18:16:00 <ddemaio> should we do a survey on the color
18:16:22 <cboltz> it probably depends on what we print on it ;-)
18:16:35 <cboltz> but in general I'd say black (always works) or green
18:16:40 <ddemaio> This is true
18:17:05 <ddemaio> Would a dark grey work
18:17:41 <cboltz> maybe
18:17:46 <ddemaio> http://www.laminart.com/img/product/cad/626_2448.jpg
18:18:09 <cboltz> we'll get less contrast to the print - depending on the print this might be good or bad
18:19:17 <ddemaio> ok. I guess we could wait on the color until we get a clearer picture of the sponsors and design
18:20:10 <ddemaio> How do we want to do the tshirt
18:20:21 <cboltz> I'd even say whoever proposes a design should be allowed to propose a color ;-)
18:20:38 <ddemaio> cool
18:23:21 <ddemaio> I propose https://goo.gl/photos/ewvVE5ZmB8UqTjxN8
18:24:16 <ddemaio> #link tshirt design proposed https://goo.gl/photos/ewvVE5ZmB8UqTjxN8
18:24:59 <ddemaio> #info more people can propose designs. Must be selected at least 8 weeks before the event
18:25:26 <ddemaio> #topic Videos
18:25:26 <ddemaio> To do the videos like we did last year, we will need two systems. Coordinating with the video team to get the equipment we need for the video systems.
18:27:06 <cboltz> slightly related - what about headsets for the speakers instead of "normal" microphones?
18:27:41 <ddemaio> thx cboltz
18:27:54 <ddemaio> yes. we are going with the wireless mics
18:28:18 <ddemaio> this was brought up by the video technicians and recommended action for the next conference
18:28:52 <ddemaio> #info wireless headset microphones needed
18:29:06 <ddemaio> any other suggestions
18:30:00 <ddemaio> moving on
18:30:04 <ddemaio> #topic Ideas
18:30:04 <ddemaio> Any ideas to thoughts?
18:30:47 <ddemaio> We will need to figure out something for the Saturday
18:30:56 <ddemaio> We can look at that next week
18:31:25 <ddemaio> #topic Topics for next meeting
18:31:25 <ddemaio> Anything we want to add
18:32:31 <ddemaio> ok. Thank you all and especially you cboltz
18:32:47 <ddemaio> I'll end the meeting and send out the notes
18:32:50 <cboltz> you are welcome ;-)
18:32:59 <ddemaio> #topics Links
18:32:59 <ddemaio> #link - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.html
18:33:08 <ddemaio> #endmeeting