=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by ddemaio at 18:00:00 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-08-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Status  (ddemaio, 18:01:07)

* Volunteers / Teams  (ddemaio, 18:01:07)

* Summits / Events  (ddemaio, 18:01:07)

* Keynote  (ddemaio, 18:01:09)

* T-Shirts  (ddemaio, 18:01:11)

* Gift Bags  (ddemaio, 18:01:13)

* Videos  (ddemaio, 18:01:15)

* Ideas  (ddemaio, 18:01:17)

* Topics for next meeting  (ddemaio, 18:01:19)

* Status  (ddemaio, 18:01:23)
  * Registration 58, Submissions 16  (ddemaio, 18:01:25)
  * Several Cards advertising oSC17 were handed out at FOSDEM  (ddemaio,
    18:01:27)
  * email Doug it you want posters to advertise oSC17  (ddemaio,
    18:04:09)

* Volunteers / Teams  (ddemaio, 18:04:20)

* Summits/Events  (ddemaio, 18:07:15)
  * Kolab named a POC to collaborate with for a Kolab Summit  (ddemaio,
    18:07:15)
  * Members of the community asked for an openQA day, awaiting details
    (ddemaio, 18:07:15)
  * Drum Circles scheduled for May 25.  (ddemaio, 18:07:17)

* Keynote  (ddemaio, 18:12:30)
  * Thomas Hatch has agreed to be a keynote speaker  (ddemaio, 18:12:30)
  * Contacted James Yonan (OpenVPN founder) about giving a keynote
    (ddemaio, 18:12:30)
  * Aleix Pol from the KDE Board has also been invited  (ddemaio,
    18:13:50)

* T-Shirts  (ddemaio, 18:14:08)
  * Last year the T-Shirts were very complicated. Doing sponsors on the
    shirt increase the cost, so the design will need to be less
    complicated.  (ddemaio, 18:14:09)
  * LINK: http://www.laminart.com/img/product/cad/626_2448.jpg
    (ddemaio, 18:17:46)
  * LINK: tshirt design proposed https://goo.gl/photos/ewvVE5ZmB8UqTjxN8
    (ddemaio, 18:24:16)
  * more people can propose designs. Must be selected at least 8 weeks
    before the event  (ddemaio, 18:24:59)

* Videos  (ddemaio, 18:25:26)
  * wireless headset microphones needed  (ddemaio, 18:28:52)

* Ideas  (ddemaio, 18:30:04)

* Topics for next meeting  (ddemaio, 18:31:25)
  * LINK: -
    http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.html
    (ddemaio, 18:32:59)



Meeting ended at 18:33:08 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* ddemaio (74)
* cboltz (8)
* bugbot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4