<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">16:58:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">16:58:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Mar  8 16:58:18 2017 UTC.  The chair is ddemaio. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">16:58:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">16:58:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> small and medium business
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">16:58:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> should I create a talk topic labeled small and medium business
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">16:59:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> it would be cool, dragotin myself and some invis guys would like to,
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">16:59:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">ddemaio</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">16:59:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: ddemaio
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">16:59:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> at least we should just be able to organize a round table to setup the team
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">17:00:23 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">propose to open that on osem as a workshop.</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">17:01:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> done
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">17:02:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> one hour or 30 minutes
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">17:02:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> or what
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">17:02:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> how many minutes do you think it good
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">17:03:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> better reserve the room for an hour and get it done in 20 minutes, than the other way round ;-)
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">17:03:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> makes sense
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">17:04:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> so lets get into the topics
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">17:04:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">17:04:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Keynote</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">17:04:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">T-Shirts Design</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">17:04:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Videos Status</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">17:04:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Pre-Party</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">17:04:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Summit Status</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">17:04:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">TSP</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">17:04:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Posters Status</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">17:04:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Links</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">17:04:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">17:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Registration 107, Submissions 46, Hours 36</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">17:05:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> this was as of 10 minutes ago
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">17:05:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> the numbers look good
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">17:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Keynote</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">17:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Matthias Kirschner from FSFE has agreed to provide a keynote on May 26</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">17:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Thomas Hatch has agreed to be a keynote speaker</span>
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">17:05:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Aleix Pol i Gonz√†lez, KDE Vice President, to give a keynote</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">17:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I emailed all the keynote speakers this week
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">17:06:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Matthias' talk must be scheduled for May 26</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">17:06:51 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">sorry I guess one hour (per day?) will be enough to bootstrap something.</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">17:07:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> sounds good tigerfoot
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">17:07:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> more earlier it is more people can discuss afterwards.
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">17:08:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We have one keynote scheduled for each day of the conference
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">17:08:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">T-Shirts / Design</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">17:08:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Submit Design via the Thread - T-Shirt Design for oSC17 on either the opensuse-project or opensuse mailing lists. We currently have 9 submissions</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">17:08:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-project/2017-03/msg00022.html</span>
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">17:08:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Submit design by April 1 and make sure the original is in either .svg, .eps or .ai formats.</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">17:08:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Vote on the submitted designs will be on April 5.</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">17:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> there are 24 days left to submit the a tshirt design
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">17:10:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Videos Status</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">17:10:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The video team is in touch with one another
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">17:10:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Trello board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO</span>
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">17:11:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> dmolkentin is taking the lead for the video team for oSC17 and tbro is working on ordering the c3voc video kits
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">17:12:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">dmolkentin will organize the video team and tbro is working on ordering c3voc kits</span>
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">17:12:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> the video team is in contact with the firm that is providing audio for the event
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">17:12:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">oSC17 will have wireless mics</span>
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">17:13:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> any questions about the video
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">17:14:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> does "wireless mics" include headsets for the speakers?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">17:14:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> I know I already mentioned this in past meetings, I just want to be sure it doesn't get lost ;-)
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">17:14:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> that's something tbro is working out with the audio team
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">17:15:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">make sure wireless mics are headsets rather than collar attached</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">17:16:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> i guess that sounds good enough
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">17:17:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> added to the trello card
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">17:17:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Pre-Party</span>
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">17:18:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> May 25 is a holiday in Germany.
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">17:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">For those who come to oSC17 early, we plan on having a pre-party at https://kater-murr.com/ on Thursday, May 25</span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">17:20:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We can all this the openSUSE Ascension Day Party!
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">17:20:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> or night party
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">17:20:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The plan will be to start around 7
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">17:20:53 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">think a Green Ascension</span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">17:21:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> 7 am or pm ? the start :-)
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">17:21:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> am mean we have one day of fun, otherwise a night of
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">17:21:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ha ha
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">17:22:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Summits Status</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">17:22:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Kolab Summit looks like it will be planned for May 27</span>
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">17:23:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> They will get the room they were in last year.
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">17:25:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> More than likely they will do a bbq on May 27. We have one planned for May 26
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">17:25:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Beer garden and bbqs
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">17:25:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">TSP</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">17:25:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Deadline will be April 10</span>
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">17:26:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Posters Status</span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">17:26:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Does anyone want me to mail them posters for oSC17?
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">17:26:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> if so, please email me
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">17:27:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Links</span>
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">17:27:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Trello board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO</span>
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">17:27:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Week 1 - https://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.html</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">17:27:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Week 2 - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.html</span>
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">17:27:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Week 3 - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-15-18.00.html</span>
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">17:27:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Week 4 - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-03-01-17.00.html</span>
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">17:28:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> So before I end the meeting, I want to let you all know that our next meeting will be on April 5
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">17:28:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Next oSC17 organizing meeting will be April 5</span>
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">17:29:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> April 5 will be the day we vote on the tshirts and start accepting talks
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">17:30:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> thank you all for attending
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">17:30:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
