<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:00:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:00:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Feb  1 18:00:16 2017 UTC.  The chair is ddemaio. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:00:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:00:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Welcome to the first of many meeting leading up to the openSUSE Conference 2017.
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:00:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I’m going to post by topic. We can discuss the topic. I’ll add the info. If you want to add info to the topic, put a hashtag info, hashtag idea, hashtag link
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:00:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The plan is to have the meeting from 1800 UTC to 1900 UTC.
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:00:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">ddemaio</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:00:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: ddemaio
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Rooms</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Sponsorship</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Keynote</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:01:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Teams</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:01:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Volunteers</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:01:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Summits/Events</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:01:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics for next meeting</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:01:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic</span><span class="topicline">s Links</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:01:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Let's start with the status
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:02:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:02:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Registration 53, Submissions 14</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> These are the numbers as of today
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:02:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> So far, I think things are going in the right direction.
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:02:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Does anyone have anything they want to add or any questions
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:03:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:03:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> same venue, same rooms i guess?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:03:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> yes. Let me post the next line to address that
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:04:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Rooms</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:04:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Saal (main hall) vom 25. bis 28. May 2017</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:04:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Galerie vom 25. bis 27. (19:00) May 2017</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Seminarraum 1 vom 25. bis 28. May 2017</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:04:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Seminarraum 2 vom 25. bis 28. May 2017</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Seminarraum 2 (Hacker Room) vom 25. bis 28. May 2017</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:04:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Group Room (Hacker Room) vom 25. bis 28. May 2017</span>
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:04:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Basically it is one day less than last year
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:04:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We wont be able to get the galerie for the Sunday
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:05:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> There is a concert on the Saturday night in that room.
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:05:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> hmm, events.o.o says May 26 (not 25) till 28..
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:05:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> 25 is set up day
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:05:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> so the actual conference (talks etc.) starts on 26th?
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:06:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:06:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;taroth2&gt;</span> I guess the  (beer)garden outside will also be part of the "event space"?
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:06:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> that's the plan. Maybe we could do something on the evening of the 25 there if that comes up in our planning
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:07:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The beer garden is part of it. It's sort of an open area to all
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:07:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> no booking necessary
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:07:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;taroth2&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:08:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The outside is not really anything they charge for or reserve
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:08:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;taroth2&gt;</span> that's great
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:08:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Any questions about the dates or rooms.
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:09:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Or times. Last year we started everything at 10 and finished by 6.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:09:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Is that something we would want to do again or was it too long
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:10:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> well last year we proposed a kart racing.
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:10:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> entertainment
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:11:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> yeah. That would still be planned
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:12:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Entertainment was basically from 7 until 9 or 10
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:12:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> suse band is available this year?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:13:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="hi">orion_0:</span> ill look into both. I have something at the end of the meet today that has one option
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:13:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> we can explore more
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:13:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:13:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Let move on to sponsorship
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:14:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Sponsorship</span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:14:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">SUSE is Sponsor</span>
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:14:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Recommended Categories
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:14:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Donation - $500 and above - Donate a giveaway for the community
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:14:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Silver  - $1.500 - Logo on website / Inclusion of sponsor material in the conference welcome package
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:14:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Gold - $2,500 - Logo on Tshirt / on website / at registration booth / Inclusion of sponsor material in the conference welcome package
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:14:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Platinum - $5,000 - Logo on Tshirt / name on website / main sponsor / Signage visible throughout conference
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:14:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> What do you think? Any adjustments or recommendations?
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:15:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I have to put a prospectus together and I want to chat to some people at FOSDEM to get them on board
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:16:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Does anyone have more ideas that we could add to entice more sponsors
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:19:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok. I guess that's set
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:19:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Keynote</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:19:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Thomas Hatch has agreed to be a keynote speaker</span>
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:19:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Is there anyone else we want to approach?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:20:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> how about city officials to try once more to promote the linux use in public sector?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:21:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> that's been quite a challenge
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:21:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> i can imagine...
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:21:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;taroth2&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:21:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> they have mostly been unresponsive since its all about votes for them or their party
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:22:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> i can reach out to matthias with FSFE and see if he could come or get someone from berlin or eu
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:23:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">- talk with FSFE about government speaker as a keynote</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:23:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> is there anyone else?
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:24:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> nope
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:24:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> how about another project
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:26:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> If I reached out to a board member from either KDE or GNOME, would that be something of interest
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:27:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> espesically after the new KDE release, a talk from the guys would be interesting
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:27:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok. I could reach out to them.
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:28:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">- contact KDE project about doing a keynote</span>
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:28:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> we can carry this on to the next meeting
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Teams</span>
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Recommend an org team, marketing team, selection team
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I can put a call out to the mailing list asking for volunteers for the teams.
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:29:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;taroth3&gt;</span> sounds good
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:30:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> cool.
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Volunteers</span>
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Recommend a volunteer lead.
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Any volunteers.
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:31:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> i would if i was sure i could make it to the conf...
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:31:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> no problem - I can put a call out to the mailing list.
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:32:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> There are a few people who have asked me to help. I can ask them.
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:32:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Summits/Events</span>
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:32:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Kolab has expressed interest if having a Kolab summit</span>
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:32:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Members of the community asked for an openQA day</span>
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:32:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Members of the community offer to do a Drum Circles as a social program</span>
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:35:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We don't have entertainment planned yet, but I think we should have the drum circle for one night
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:35:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;taroth3&gt;</span> the drum circle could take place open air and would be open for everyone to participate (also for newbies/non-drummers) - we would bring the instruments
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:36:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> what day is best, friday or saturday
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:36:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;taroth3&gt;</span> friday?
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:36:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;taroth3&gt;</span> to not collide with the concert on Sat evvening
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:36:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;taroth3&gt;</span> that takes places in the gallery
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:36:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;taroth3&gt;</span> as you said before
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:36:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- plan drum circle</span>
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:37:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> yes. it think it starts pretty late
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:37:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> at 10 or so
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:37:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;taroth3&gt;</span> the gig on sat, you mean?
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:37:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:37:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I don't have the exact details, but the zbau mentioned it to me
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:37:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;taroth3&gt;</span> ok, but Friday would be good for the drum circle
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:38:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok. And for the saturday. Is there any recommendations
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:39:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Any comments on Kolab summit or openQA day
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:41:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I can check if the SUSE Band could play on the Saturday for an hour
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:41:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Maybe even see if they could do a Thursday for a pre-party
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:42:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Ok. I think that about covers it this week.
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:42:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Links</span>
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:42:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Trello board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO</span>
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:43:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I adjusted the trello board
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:43:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> we can start placing card there. I left old card there from last year but listed them as oSC16
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:43:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> This should give us some continuity with the planning
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:44:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics for next meeting</span>
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:44:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">TSP</span>
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:44:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Are they any topics anyone wants to put on the agenda for next week
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:44:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> meeting that is
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:46:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">tshirts</span>
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:46:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">tshirts</span>
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:46:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">gift bags</span>
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:46:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#status</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:47:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">status</span>
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:47:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">keynotes</span>
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:48:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I will send out reports to the mailing lists
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:48:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">- add topic request from mailing lists</span>
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:49:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> if we get anyone bring up a topic in the mailing list, we list it for the meeting to discuss it.
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:50:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I'm going to close the meeting
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:51:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;taroth3&gt;</span> ok, thanks for now
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:51:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> thank you
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:51:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;taroth3&gt;</span> cu
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:51:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> cheers
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:51:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> ok good night everyone!
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:51:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;taroth3&gt;</span> same to you!
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:51:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> cya
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:51:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
