<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:00:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:00:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Feb  8 18:00:00 2017 UTC.  The chair is ddemaio. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:00:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:00:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Welcome to to the meeting leading up to the openSUSE Conference 2017.
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:00:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The plan is to have the meeting from 18:00 UTC to 18:30 UTC.
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:00:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">ddemaio</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:00:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: ddemaio
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:01:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> topics for today are
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:01:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:01:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Volunteers / Teams</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:01:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Summits / Events</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:01:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Keynote</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:01:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">T-Shirts</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Gift Bags</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:01:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Videos</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:01:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Ideas</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:01:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics for next meeting</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:01:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic</span><span class="topicline">s Links</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:01:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:01:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Registration 58, Submissions 16</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:01:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Several Cards advertising oSC17 were handed out at FOSDEM</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:02:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> should we order posters for people who want to hang up posters at events
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:03:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> anyone
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">email Doug it you want posters to advertise oSC17</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:04:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Volunteers / Teams</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:04:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Some members have expressed an interest to be a part of the selection team
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:05:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> it would be great to have more. the more the merrier
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:06:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> There are two people for the selection team right now. We should have at least 4 to make the best determinations on submissions
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:07:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Summits/Events</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:07:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Kolab named a POC to collaborate with for a Kolab Summit</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:07:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Members of the community asked for an openQA day, awaiting details</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Drum Circles scheduled for May 25.</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We don't know what day to put the Kolab Summit. More coordination is needed
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:08:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> As for the Drum Circles, the plan is to have that on a Friday night.
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:09:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Along with the Drum Circles, I think we should do a Brazilian BBQ for dinner
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:09:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> It would tie in well with the drums.
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:09:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Any thoughts or seconds to the Brz BBQ
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:12:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok. Lively crowd tonight
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:12:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Keynote</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:12:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Thomas Hatch has agreed to be a keynote speaker</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:12:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Contacted James Yonan (OpenVPN founder) about giving a keynote</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Aleix Pol from the KDE Board has also been invited</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:14:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">T-Shirts</span>
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:14:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Last year the T-Shirts were very complicated. Doing sponsors on the shirt increase the cost, so the design will need to be less complicated.</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:14:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> well, they were also very nice ;-)
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:14:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Since we are offering it with the sponsorship package
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:15:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> thx cboltz
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:15:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I agree
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:15:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Is there any color preferred for the tshirt this year
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:16:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> should we do a survey on the color
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:16:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> it probably depends on what we print on it ;-)
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:16:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> but in general I'd say black (always works) or green
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:16:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> This is true
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:17:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Would a dark grey work
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:17:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> maybe
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:17:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> http://www.laminart.com/img/product/cad/626_2448.jpg
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> we'll get less contrast to the print - depending on the print this might be good or bad
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:19:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok. I guess we could wait on the color until we get a clearer picture of the sponsors and design
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:20:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> How do we want to do the tshirt
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:20:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> I'd even say whoever proposes a design should be allowed to propose a color ;-)
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:20:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I propose https://goo.gl/photos/ewvVE5ZmB8UqTjxN8
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:24:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">tshirt design proposed https://goo.gl/photos/ewvVE5ZmB8UqTjxN8</span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:24:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">more people can propose designs. Must be selected at least 8 weeks before the event</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:25:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Videos</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:25:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> To do the videos like we did last year, we will need two systems. Coordinating with the video team to get the equipment we need for the video systems.
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:27:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> slightly related - what about headsets for the speakers instead of "normal" microphones?
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:27:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> thx cboltz
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:27:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> yes. we are going with the wireless mics
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:28:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> this was brought up by the video technicians and recommended action for the next conference
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:28:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">wireless headset microphones needed</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:29:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> any other suggestions
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:30:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> moving on
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:30:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Ideas</span>
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:30:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Any ideas to thoughts?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:30:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We will need to figure out something for the Saturday
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:30:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We can look at that next week
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:31:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics for next meeting</span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:31:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Anything we want to add
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:32:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok. Thank you all and especially you cboltz
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:32:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I'll end the meeting and send out the notes
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:32:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> you are welcome ;-)
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:32:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic</span><span class="topicline">s Links</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:32:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">- http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.html</span>
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:33:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
