18:00:02 <douglasdemaio> #startmeeting
18:00:02 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed Feb 15 18:00:02 2017 UTC.  The chair is douglasdemaio. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
18:00:02 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
18:00:23 <douglasdemaio> Welcome all to another meeting to plan oSC17
18:00:50 <douglasdemaio> The plan is to have tonight's meeting from 18:00 UTC to 18:30 UTC.
18:01:00 <douglasdemaio> #chair ddemaio
18:01:00 <bugbot> Warning: Nick not in channel: ddemaio
18:01:00 <bugbot> Current chairs: ddemaio douglasdemaio
18:01:32 <ddemaio> #topic Status
18:01:32 <ddemaio> #topic Volunteers / Teams
18:01:32 <ddemaio> #topic Summits / Events
18:01:34 <ddemaio> #topic Keynote
18:01:36 <ddemaio> #topic T-Shirts
18:01:38 <ddemaio> #topic Gift Bags
18:01:40 <ddemaio> #topic Videos
18:01:42 <ddemaio> #topic Ideas
18:01:45 <ddemaio> #topic Topics for next meeting
18:01:46 <ddemaio> #topics Links
18:01:48 <ddemaio> #topic Status
18:01:50 <ddemaio> #info Registration 66, Submissions 20, Hours 17
18:02:00 <ddemaio> That was from this morning
18:02:27 <ddemaio> there are roughly six weeks until the papers close
18:03:09 <ddemaio> #topic Volunteers / Teams
18:03:36 <ddemaio> We are still looking for people to join the selection team
18:04:27 <ddemaio> Access to OSEM has been given to those who have joined the selection team
18:05:28 <ddemaio> #topic Summits/Events
18:05:28 <ddemaio> #info Contact has been made with Kolab to start planning their Kolab Summit
18:06:02 <ddemaio> Other than that, there is nothing else to update on this topic
18:06:51 <ddemaio> We will have the drum circle
18:07:13 <ddemaio> Would anyone be interested in organizing some entertainment
18:08:33 <ddemaio> so. we can leave that open
18:10:44 <ddemaio> #topic Keynote
18:10:44 <ddemaio> #info Thomas Hatch has agreed to be a keynote speaker
18:10:44 <ddemaio> #info Unfortunately James Yonan (OpenVPN founder) can’t attend. We need one more keynote.
18:10:46 <ddemaio> #info Aleix Pol i Gonzàlez, KDE Vice President, to give a keynote
18:12:32 <ddemaio> I contacted Stefano Zacchiroli to see if he would like to be a keynote
18:12:42 <ddemaio> we are looking for one more keynote
18:14:17 <ddemaio> I will also ask Neil McGovern, the new GNOME executive, to see if he is willing to give a keynote
18:15:07 <ddemaio> If anyone has any recommendations, I'm all ears
18:15:30 <ddemaio> suggestions
18:16:04 <ddemaio> ok
18:16:14 <ddemaio> #topic T-Shirts
18:17:27 <ddemaio> #info Certain level sponsors will have logos on this year t-shirts.
18:17:48 <ddemaio> #info Submit Design via the Thread - T-Shirt Design for oSC17 on either the opensuse-project or opensuse mailing lists
18:17:48 <ddemaio> #info Submit design by April 1 and make sure the original is in either .svg, .eps or .ai formats.
18:17:48 <ddemaio> #info Vote on the submitted designs will be on April 5.
18:18:29 <ddemaio> #link https://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-project/2017-02/msg00044.html
18:18:51 <ddemaio> #topic Gift Bags
18:19:55 <ddemaio> no status update, but some people have connected me about sponsorship, so we know there will be other stuff in the bag
18:20:42 <ddemaio> any particular color we want for this year's bag
18:20:54 <ddemaio> Should we get it to match the shirt color
18:21:37 <ddemaio> the shirt color is undecided until we have the sponsors and tshirt design complete
18:21:49 <ddemaio> #topic Videos
18:22:52 <ddemaio> I had a chat with the video team today. We still need to get the equipment we need for the video systems.
18:23:20 <ddemaio> #info follow up on status of video equipment next week
18:23:40 <ddemaio> #topic Ideas
18:24:12 <ddemaio> should we come up with a motto for this year's conference?
18:24:17 <ddemaio> Any suggestions
18:28:31 <ddemaio> ok. I will thread that on email
18:28:58 <ddemaio> #topic Topics for next meeting
18:29:16 <ddemaio> #info Add sponsors to the list for next week
18:30:07 <ddemaio> #info add TSP
18:31:20 <ddemaio> Right now it looks like submissions for the TSP will have a deadline of April 10
18:31:37 <ddemaio> I'm still waiting on confirmation for that date
18:32:24 <ddemaio> #info This Friday ddemaio will visit the ZBau to discuss planning details with the staff there
18:32:45 <ddemaio> #link Trello board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO
18:32:45 <ddemaio> #link Week 1 - https://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.html
18:32:45 <ddemaio> #link Week 2 - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.html
18:33:48 <ddemaio> thank you to those of you who joined it
18:35:24 <ddemaio> I'm thinking of switching the day for these meetings. If anyone has a recommended day, let me know.
18:35:27 <ddemaio> #endmeeting