<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by ddemaio at 16:58:18 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-18'>ddemaio</a>, 17:04:41)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Keynote</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-19'>ddemaio</a>, 17:04:41)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">T-Shirts Design</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-20'>ddemaio</a>, 17:04:41)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Videos Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-21'>ddemaio</a>, 17:04:43)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Pre-Party</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-22'>ddemaio</a>, 17:04:45)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Summit Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-23'>ddemaio</a>, 17:04:47)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">TSP</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-24'>ddemaio</a>, 17:04:49)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Posters Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-25'>ddemaio</a>, 17:04:51)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Links</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-26'>ddemaio</a>, 17:04:53)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-27'>ddemaio</a>, 17:04:57)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Registration 107, Submissions 46, Hours
    36</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-28'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:04:59)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Keynote</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-31'>ddemaio</a>, 17:05:38)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Matthias Kirschner from FSFE has agreed to
    provide a keynote on May 26</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-32'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:05:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Thomas Hatch has agreed to be a keynote
    speaker</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-33'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:05:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Aleix Pol i Gonz√†lez, KDE Vice President, to
    give a keynote</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-34'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:05:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Matthias' talk must be scheduled for May
    26</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-36'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:06:25)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">T-Shirts / Design</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-41'>ddemaio</a>, 17:08:39)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Submit Design via the Thread - T-Shirt Design
    for oSC17 on either the opensuse-project or opensuse mailing lists.
    We currently have 9 submissions</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-42'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:08:52)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-project/2017-03/msg00022.html">https://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-project/2017-03/msg00022.html</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-43'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:08:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Submit design by April 1 and make sure the
    original is in either .svg, .eps or .ai formats.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-44'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:08:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Vote on the submitted designs will be on April
    5.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-45'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:08:54)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Videos Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-47'>ddemaio</a>, 17:10:13)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a href="Trello">Trello</a> board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-49'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:10:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">dmolkentin will organize the video team and
    tbro is working on ordering c3voc kits</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-51'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:12:11)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">oSC17 will have wireless mics</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-53'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:12:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">make sure wireless mics are headsets rather
    than collar attached</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-58'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:15:53)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Pre-Party</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-61'>ddemaio</a>, 17:17:13)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">For those who come to oSC17 early, we plan on
    having a pre-party at https://kater-murr.com/ on Thursday, May
    25</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-63'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:18:55)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Summits Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-71'>ddemaio</a>, 17:22:41)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Kolab Summit looks like it will be planned for
    May 27</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-72'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:22:41)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">TSP</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-76'>ddemaio</a>, 17:25:47)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Deadline will be April 10</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-77'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:25:47)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Posters Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-78'>ddemaio</a>, 17:26:11)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Links</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-81'>ddemaio</a>, 17:27:25)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a href="Trello">Trello</a> board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-82'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:27:25)</span></li>
  <li><a href="Week">Week</a> 1 -
    https://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.html
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-83'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:27:25)</span></li>
  <li><a href="Week">Week</a> 2 -
    http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.html
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-84'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:27:27)</span></li>
  <li><a href="Week">Week</a> 3 -
    http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-15-18.00.html
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-85'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:27:29)</span></li>
  <li><a href="Week">Week</a> 4 -
    http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-03-01-17.00.html
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-86'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:27:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Next oSC17 organizing meeting will be April
    5</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html#l-88'>ddemaio</a>,
    17:28:48)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 17:30:16 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>ddemaio (77)</li>
  <li>tigerfoot (8)</li>
  <li>cboltz (3)</li>
  <li>bugbot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
