<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:00:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;douglasdemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:00:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Feb 15 18:00:02 2017 UTC.  The chair is douglasdemaio. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:00:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:00:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;douglasdemaio&gt;</span> Welcome all to another meeting to plan oSC17
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;douglasdemaio&gt;</span> The plan is to have tonight's meeting from 18:00 UTC to 18:30 UTC.
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:01:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;douglasdemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">ddemaio</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:01:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Warning:</span> Nick not in channel: ddemaio
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:01:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: ddemaio douglasdemaio
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:01:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:01:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Volunteers / Teams</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:01:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Summits / Events</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:01:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Keynote</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">T-Shirts</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Gift Bags</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:01:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Videos</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:01:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Ideas</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:01:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics for next meeting</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:01:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic</span><span class="topicline">s Links</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:01:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:01:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Registration 66, Submissions 20, Hours 17</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:02:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> That was from this morning
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:02:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> there are roughly six weeks until the papers close
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:03:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Volunteers / Teams</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:03:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We are still looking for people to join the selection team
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:04:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Access to OSEM has been given to those who have joined the selection team
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:05:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Summits/Events</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:05:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Contact has been made with Kolab to start planning their Kolab Summit</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:06:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Other than that, there is nothing else to update on this topic
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:06:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We will have the drum circle
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Would anyone be interested in organizing some entertainment
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:08:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> so. we can leave that open
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:10:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Keynote</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:10:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Thomas Hatch has agreed to be a keynote speaker</span>
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:10:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Unfortunately James Yonan (OpenVPN founder) can’t attend. We need one more keynote.</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:10:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Aleix Pol i Gonzàlez, KDE Vice President, to give a keynote</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:12:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I contacted Stefano Zacchiroli to see if he would like to be a keynote
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:12:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> we are looking for one more keynote
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:14:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I will also ask Neil McGovern, the new GNOME executive, to see if he is willing to give a keynote
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:15:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> If anyone has any recommendations, I'm all ears
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:15:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> suggestions
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:16:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:16:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">T-Shirts</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:17:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Certain level sponsors will have logos on this year t-shirts.</span>
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:17:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Submit Design via the Thread - T-Shirt Design for oSC17 on either the opensuse-project or opensuse mailing lists</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:17:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Submit design by April 1 and make sure the original is in either .svg, .eps or .ai formats.</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:17:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Vote on the submitted designs will be on April 5.</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:18:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-project/2017-02/msg00044.html</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Gift Bags</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:19:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> no status update, but some people have connected me about sponsorship, so we know there will be other stuff in the bag
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:20:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> any particular color we want for this year's bag
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:20:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Should we get it to match the shirt color
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:21:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> the shirt color is undecided until we have the sponsors and tshirt design complete
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:21:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Videos</span>
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:22:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I had a chat with the video team today. We still need to get the equipment we need for the video systems.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:23:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">follow up on status of video equipment next week</span>
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:23:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Ideas</span>
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:24:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> should we come up with a motto for this year's conference?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:24:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Any suggestions
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:28:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok. I will thread that on email
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:28:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics for next meeting</span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:29:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Add sponsors to the list for next week</span>
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:30:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">add TSP</span>
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:31:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Right now it looks like submissions for the TSP will have a deadline of April 10
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:31:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I'm still waiting on confirmation for that date
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:32:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">This Friday ddemaio will visit the ZBau to discuss planning details with the staff there</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:32:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Trello board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:32:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Week 1 - https://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.html</span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:32:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Week 2 - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.html</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:33:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> thank you to those of you who joined it
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:35:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I'm thinking of switching the day for these meetings. If anyone has a recommended day, let me know.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:35:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
