=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by ddemaio at 18:00:16 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Status  (ddemaio, 18:01:36)

* Rooms  (ddemaio, 18:01:36)

* Sponsorship  (ddemaio, 18:01:36)

* Keynote  (ddemaio, 18:01:38)

* Teams  (ddemaio, 18:01:40)

* Volunteers  (ddemaio, 18:01:42)

* Summits/Events  (ddemaio, 18:01:44)

* Topics for next meeting  (ddemaio, 18:01:46)

* Status  (ddemaio, 18:02:00)
  * Registration 53, Submissions 14  (ddemaio, 18:02:00)

* Rooms  (ddemaio, 18:04:07)
  * Saal (main hall) vom 25. bis 28. May 2017  (ddemaio, 18:04:07)
  * Galerie vom 25. bis 27. (19:00) May 2017  (ddemaio, 18:04:07)
  * Seminarraum 1 vom 25. bis 28. May 2017  (ddemaio, 18:04:09)
  * Seminarraum 2 vom 25. bis 28. May 2017  (ddemaio, 18:04:11)
  * Seminarraum 2 (Hacker Room) vom 25. bis 28. May 2017  (ddemaio,
    18:04:13)
  * Group Room (Hacker Room) vom 25. bis 28. May 2017  (ddemaio,
    18:04:15)

* Sponsorship  (ddemaio, 18:14:09)
  * SUSE is Sponsor  (ddemaio, 18:14:09)

* Keynote  (ddemaio, 18:19:51)
  * Thomas Hatch has agreed to be a keynote speaker  (ddemaio, 18:19:52)
  * IDEA: - talk with FSFE about government speaker as a keynote
    (ddemaio, 18:23:32)
  * IDEA: - contact KDE project about doing a keynote  (ddemaio,
    18:28:20)

* Teams  (ddemaio, 18:28:55)

* Volunteers  (ddemaio, 18:30:58)

* Summits/Events  (ddemaio, 18:32:50)
  * Kolab has expressed interest if having a Kolab summit  (ddemaio,
    18:32:50)
  * Members of the community asked for an openQA day  (ddemaio,
    18:32:50)
  * Members of the community offer to do a Drum Circles as a social
    program  (ddemaio, 18:32:52)
  * - plan drum circle  (ddemaio, 18:36:54)

* Links  (ddemaio, 18:42:52)
  * LINK: Trello board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO  (ddemaio,
    18:42:52)

* Topics for next meeting  (ddemaio, 18:44:16)
  * TSP  (ddemaio, 18:44:16)

* tshirts  (ddemaio, 18:46:00)
  * tshirts  (ddemaio, 18:46:20)
  * gift bags  (ddemaio, 18:46:35)
  * status  (ddemaio, 18:47:07)
  * keynotes  (ddemaio, 18:47:30)
  * IDEA: - add topic request from mailing lists  (ddemaio, 18:48:54)



Meeting ended at 18:51:34 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* ddemaio (119)
* taroth3 (11)
* orion_0 (10)
* taroth2 (4)
* bugbot (3)
* cboltz (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4