16:58:18 <ddemaio> #startmeeting
16:58:18 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed Mar  8 16:58:18 2017 UTC.  The chair is ddemaio. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
16:58:18 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
16:58:29 <ddemaio> small and medium business
16:58:53 <ddemaio> should I create a talk topic labeled small and medium business
16:59:21 <tigerfoot> ddemaio: it would be cool, dragotin myself and some invis guys would like to,
16:59:25 <ddemaio> #chair ddemaio
16:59:25 <bugbot> Current chairs: ddemaio
16:59:55 <tigerfoot> ddemaio: at least we should just be able to organize a round table to setup the team
17:00:23 * tigerfoot propose to open that on osem as a workshop.
17:01:03 <ddemaio> done
17:02:07 <ddemaio> one hour or 30 minutes
17:02:10 <ddemaio> or what
17:02:37 <ddemaio> tigerfoot: how many minutes do you think it good
17:03:10 <cboltz> better reserve the room for an hour and get it done in 20 minutes, than the other way round ;-)
17:03:35 <ddemaio> makes sense
17:04:26 <ddemaio> so lets get into the topics
17:04:41 <ddemaio> #topic Status
17:04:41 <ddemaio> #topic Keynote
17:04:41 <ddemaio> #topic T-Shirts Design
17:04:43 <ddemaio> #topic Videos Status
17:04:45 <ddemaio> #topic Pre-Party
17:04:47 <ddemaio> #topic Summit Status
17:04:49 <ddemaio> #topic TSP
17:04:51 <ddemaio> #topic Posters Status
17:04:53 <ddemaio> #topic Links
17:04:57 <ddemaio> #topic Status
17:04:59 <ddemaio> #info Registration 107, Submissions 46, Hours 36
17:05:09 <ddemaio> this was as of 10 minutes ago
17:05:15 <ddemaio> the numbers look good
17:05:38 <ddemaio> #topic Keynote
17:05:38 <ddemaio> #info Matthias Kirschner from FSFE has agreed to provide a keynote on May 26
17:05:38 <ddemaio> #info Thomas Hatch has agreed to be a keynote speaker
17:05:40 <ddemaio> #info Aleix Pol i Gonz√†lez, KDE Vice President, to give a keynote
17:06:00 <ddemaio> I emailed all the keynote speakers this week
17:06:25 <ddemaio> #info Matthias' talk must be scheduled for May 26
17:06:51 * tigerfoot sorry I guess one hour (per day?) will be enough to bootstrap something.
17:07:15 <ddemaio> sounds good tigerfoot
17:07:45 <tigerfoot> more earlier it is more people can discuss afterwards.
17:08:14 <ddemaio> We have one keynote scheduled for each day of the conference
17:08:39 <ddemaio> #topic T-Shirts / Design
17:08:52 <ddemaio> #info Submit Design via the Thread - T-Shirt Design for oSC17 on either the opensuse-project or opensuse mailing lists. We currently have 9 submissions
17:08:53 <ddemaio> #link https://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-project/2017-03/msg00022.html
17:08:53 <ddemaio> #info Submit design by April 1 and make sure the original is in either .svg, .eps or .ai formats.
17:08:54 <ddemaio> #info Vote on the submitted designs will be on April 5.
17:09:34 <ddemaio> there are 24 days left to submit the a tshirt design
17:10:13 <ddemaio> #topic Videos Status
17:10:36 <ddemaio> The video team is in touch with one another
17:10:40 <ddemaio> #link Trello board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO
17:11:25 <ddemaio> dmolkentin is taking the lead for the video team for oSC17 and tbro is working on ordering the c3voc video kits
17:12:11 <ddemaio> #info dmolkentin will organize the video team and tbro is working on ordering c3voc kits
17:12:48 <ddemaio> the video team is in contact with the firm that is providing audio for the event
17:12:59 <ddemaio> #info oSC17 will have wireless mics
17:13:29 <ddemaio> any questions about the video
17:14:00 <cboltz> does "wireless mics" include headsets for the speakers?
17:14:17 <cboltz> I know I already mentioned this in past meetings, I just want to be sure it doesn't get lost ;-)
17:14:24 <ddemaio> that's something tbro is working out with the audio team
17:15:53 <ddemaio> #info make sure wireless mics are headsets rather than collar attached
17:16:04 <ddemaio> i guess that sounds good enough
17:17:02 <ddemaio> added to the trello card
17:17:13 <ddemaio> #topic Pre-Party
17:18:04 <ddemaio> May 25 is a holiday in Germany.
17:18:55 <ddemaio> #info For those who come to oSC17 early, we plan on having a pre-party at https://kater-murr.com/ on Thursday, May 25
17:20:04 <ddemaio> We can all this the openSUSE Ascension Day Party!
17:20:36 <ddemaio> or night party
17:20:47 <ddemaio> The plan will be to start around 7
17:20:53 * tigerfoot think a Green Ascension
17:21:23 <tigerfoot> ddemaio: 7 am or pm ? the start :-)
17:21:40 <tigerfoot> am mean we have one day of fun, otherwise a night of
17:21:42 <ddemaio> ha ha
17:22:41 <ddemaio> #topic Summits Status
17:22:41 <ddemaio> #info Kolab Summit looks like it will be planned for May 27
17:23:38 <ddemaio> They will get the room they were in last year.
17:25:05 <ddemaio> More than likely they will do a bbq on May 27. We have one planned for May 26
17:25:16 <ddemaio> Beer garden and bbqs
17:25:47 <ddemaio> #topic TSP
17:25:47 <ddemaio> #info Deadline will be April 10
17:26:11 <ddemaio> #topic Posters Status
17:26:29 <ddemaio> Does anyone want me to mail them posters for oSC17?
17:26:52 <ddemaio> if so, please email me
17:27:25 <ddemaio> #topic Links
17:27:25 <ddemaio> #link Trello board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO
17:27:25 <ddemaio> #link Week 1 - https://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.html
17:27:27 <ddemaio> #link Week 2 - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.html
17:27:29 <ddemaio> #link Week 3 - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-15-18.00.html
17:27:31 <ddemaio> #link Week 4 - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-03-01-17.00.html
17:28:25 <ddemaio> So before I end the meeting, I want to let you all know that our next meeting will be on April 5
17:28:48 <ddemaio> #info Next oSC17 organizing meeting will be April 5
17:29:40 <ddemaio> April 5 will be the day we vote on the tshirts and start accepting talks
17:30:05 <ddemaio> thank you all for attending
17:30:16 <ddemaio> #endmeeting