16:00:12 <ddemaio> #startmeeting
16:00:12 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed Apr 12 16:00:12 2017 UTC.  The chair is ddemaio. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
16:00:12 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
16:00:24 <ddemaio> #chair ddemaio
16:00:24 <bugbot> Current chairs: ddemaio
16:00:36 <ddemaio> #topic Status
16:00:36 <ddemaio> #topic T-Shirts Status
16:00:36 <ddemaio> #topic Schedule
16:00:54 <ddemaio> #topic Status
16:00:54 <ddemaio> #info Registration 201
16:00:54 <ddemaio> #info Confirmed - Keynotes: 3, Lightning Talk: 8, Long Talk: 19, Workshop: 4, Short Workshop: 6, Normal Talk: 25
16:00:56 <ddemaio> #info Unformed - Lightning Talk: 1 Long Talk: 1, Short Workshop: 1, Normal Talk: 3
16:02:15 <ddemaio> #info Correction - Registration is at 204
16:03:06 <ddemaio> #topic T-Shirts / Design
16:03:06 <ddemaio> #info Logos and design sent to the vendor
16:03:32 <ddemaio> I'm hoping to get the offer by the tomorrow
16:03:47 <ddemaio> Everything looks good with the tshirt and design
16:03:58 <ddemaio> #topic Schedule
16:05:18 <ddemaio> the schedule is not complete, but I'm publishing it just for the meeting and will close it after the meeting.
16:05:31 <ddemaio> please take a look at it can provide feedback https://events.opensuse.org/conference/oSC17/schedule
16:07:36 <ddemaio> the first day is pretty full
16:12:08 <ChrisBr> ddemaio: looks great! Already looking forward to it :)
16:12:12 <cboltz_mobile> Why is Galerie empty on the second day?
16:12:31 <ddemaio> That is Kolab Summit 3.0
16:13:01 <ddemaio> They are still putting together their program
16:13:21 <cboltz_mobile> Ok
16:13:55 <ddemaio> I'm not sure what talks they will have but it should be similar to the saturday schedule here https://summit.kolab.org
16:15:46 <ddemaio> Anything else? Should we add a Cloud and Container track
16:17:35 <cboltz> if we have enough topics (and a free room), why not? ;-)
16:17:42 <ddemaio> Right now we just have the keynote, openSUSE and Open Source Tracks
16:18:56 <cboltz> did I overlook the yearly "ask the board" session, or did the board (including me) fail to submit it? ;-)
16:18:56 <ChrisBr> ddemaio: btw https://events.opensuse.org/conference/oSC17/program/proposal/1360 and https://events.opensuse.org/conference/oSC17/program/proposal/1394 should be the other way around
16:18:57 <ddemaio> Some of the talks that are already confirmed are cloud or container, but we can't have a dedicated room for the track. It's just a matter of labeling it
16:19:02 <ChrisBr> (first obs then openQA)
16:20:01 <ddemaio> Yeah, she asked for it to be the way it is
16:20:31 <ddemaio> let me double check though
16:24:43 <ddemaio> refresh
16:25:32 <ddemaio> ChrisBr: is that better? She was wanting something else. No I need to see if the arrangement conflicts with what was already scheduled
16:26:09 <ddemaio> looks good
16:28:21 <ddemaio> ok. It looks like we can close out the meeting. I hope to publish the schedule soon
16:28:46 <ddemaio> We should have more info for next week's meeting
16:29:04 <ddemaio> #link Week 1 - https://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.html
16:29:04 <ddemaio> #link Week 2 - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-01-18.00.html
16:29:04 <ddemaio> #link Week 3 - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-02-15-18.00.html
16:29:06 <ddemaio> #link Week 4 - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-03-01-17.00.html
16:29:08 <ddemaio> #link Week 5 - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-03-08-16.58.html
16:29:10 <ddemaio> #link Week 6 - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2017/opensuse-project.2017-04-05-15.59.html
16:29:16 <ddemaio> #endmeeting