<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">19:04:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">19:04:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Dec  1 19:04:21 2010 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">19:04:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">19:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> you see. we urgently need henne
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">19:04:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">rhorstkoetter</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">19:04:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: rhorstkoetter suseROCKs
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">19:04:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">prusnak</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">19:04:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: prusnak rhorstkoetter suseROCKs
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">19:05:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Board Meeting</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">19:05:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Alrighty so let's begin, folks!
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">19:06:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Today's agenda will be:
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">19:06:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. openSUSE election / committee
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">19:06:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. openSUSE Foundation
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">19:06:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3. Where do we need to improve ?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">19:06:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 4. Questions &amp; Answers
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">19:06:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Do we have additional items we wish to add to the agenda?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">19:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> not at this time
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">19:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I'll take that as a no and move on to the first topic
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">19:07:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Board Meeting | Topic: openSUSE election /committee</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">19:08:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> the commitee just announced the elections and we already have two candidates
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">19:08:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So we have an announcement posted about the election committee and a timeline described in the post
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">19:08:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Yes, I've talked to a few people already who are interested in running.  Not sure if its the same people you're referring to
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">19:09:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but whomever we have already talked to, we should be sure to poke them to submit their application pronto
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">19:09:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if they haven't already done so
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">19:09:19 </span><span class="nka">* mrdocs</span> <span class="ac">will stand as well</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">19:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> just not sent the mail
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">19:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> I'm referring to sebastian k√ºgler (sebas) &amp; chuck payne (terrorpup)
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">19:09:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> poke mrdocs   :-)
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">19:09:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> lo suseROCKs
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">19:10:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> that are the emails I read on election-officials/opensuse-project so far
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">19:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok there's one more to that list. but until that person actually declares it publicly, I prefer to let it stand until he/she states so
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">19:10:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so I would surmise from what I'm seeing here that we can rejoice that this year we will actually have an election!  ;-)
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">19:11:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> As you have seen from our mailing list, I have a first draft of the board's perception of what it means to be on the board
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">19:11:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I need to further re-draft it, and encourage you both to submit your comments as well
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">19:12:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> let's get it published no later than this week.   Cool, guys?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">19:12:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> ack
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">19:12:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> will comment
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">19:13:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> haven't had the time yet. thanks for the initial draft
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">19:13:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs to publish the Board's Perspective on being a Board Member with comments from other board members by end of the week</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">19:13:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> Iirc henne wrote some comments already
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">19:13:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">19:14:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so, I take it the election committee is on the ball and we have generally no concerns at this point?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">19:14:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if so, let's close this topic.  :-)
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">19:14:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> good
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">19:15:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> topic is closed...
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">19:15:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Board Meeting | Topic openSUSE Foundation</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">19:15:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> afaik we have alan clark attending today
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">19:16:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aclark_:</span> ping
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">19:16:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> you sniffed me out ;-)
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">19:16:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hey hey aclark_ !
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">19:16:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aclark_:</span> welcome to our meeting and thanks for being here
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">19:16:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">19:16:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> before we proceed, I think the biggest question we need to address is how do we proceed henceforth on interfacing here?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">19:17:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> previously, michl was doing all the work on that end, which was good in some ways and other ways not so good.   It wasn't transparent enough for us.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">19:17:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so let's clear up how we communicate henceforth before we get into nitty gritty details with aclark_   :-)
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">19:18:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> most likely it has been too much 1 on 1 telecom :)
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">19:18:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes, and that left some of us out of the process
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">19:18:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> what about collaborating through board@o.o?
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">19:18:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aclark_:</span> would that be sufficient from your perspective?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">19:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I would prefer that as it gives us a nice paper trail.
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">19:19:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">19:19:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> I'm fine with that plus henne and I have been using piratepad for docs.
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">19:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> i think you've all seen that?
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">19:19:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> except when piratepad goes down  :-)
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">19:19:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> yes, it's at http://piratepad.net/openSUSE-Bylaws
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">19:20:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> we're currently drafting the bylaws there
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">19:20:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> right
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">19:20:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aclark_:</span> you're fine with that approach?
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">19:20:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> I guess so
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">19:21:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">19:21:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we have established the communication channel clearly now and I think we're all comfortable with that
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">19:22:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so... since we've all been in and out on this process lately. let's just quickly summarize where we are at and what we need to do in the next 2-3 steps
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">19:22:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.  We are drafting bylaws
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">19:22:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2.  ....
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">19:23:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> The next step that I am working on is meeting with Novell Legal.  I'm waiting in their queue. As you can imagine they have been consumed with a different matter
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">19:23:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aclark_:</span> obviously
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">19:24:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I can't imagine what that other matter might be.  :-)
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">19:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> The purpose is to review the current plans and open questions.
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">19:24:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aclark_:</span> once we have the bylaws in place and you handled the process with novell legal I may help implementing the bylaws
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">19:24:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> if appreciated
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">19:24:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I guess we also have some questions as to where our direction (with Novell as a partner) might go on the Foundation.  But that's the kind of question that cannot be answered at this time.
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">19:25:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> rhorstkoetter,   You mean like taking care of filing, etc. in Germany?
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">19:25:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> thing like that, yes
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">19:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> investigating what we need to do in that regard
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">19:27:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> might I suggest you go ahead and investigate those steps now rather than wait for the bylaws to be completed?   Information on that is not wholly dependent on the final draft of the bylaws
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">19:27:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> I will suggest that to the legal team.
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">19:27:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> fine by me
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">19:28:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">rhorstkoetter to investigate procedures for filing e.V. application in Germany</span>
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">19:28:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> I have some thick books in my bookshelf for that ;)
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">19:28:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> What?  You don't just go online and fill out a form that charges you $10,000 for a $25 process?  :-)
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">19:29:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> nope
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">19:29:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   any comments from you on the Foundation topic?
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">19:29:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> I read books and law papers
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">19:29:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> nothing in particular
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">19:29:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> old school approach
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">19:29:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">19:30:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so, I think the final matter we should address is timeline?  Do we have a deadline for completing our draft of the bylaws?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">19:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aclark_:</span> you currently collaboarte with henne on bylaws?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">19:31:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> anyone else?
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">19:31:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I suggest to make it more convenient for aclark_  that we impose a Dec. 26 deadline.
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">19:31:08 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">ducks  :-)</span>
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">19:31:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> haha
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">19:31:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> dec 26 sounds good to me
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">19:31:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> I'd rather get back to you on a date after I have met with Legal.
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">19:31:40 </span><span class="nka">* rhorstkoetter</span> <span class="ac">hides</span>
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">19:32:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> I should handle the filing investigation until dec 26th as well
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">19:32:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> lemme ask...  With Legal, is it to have them review what we've written or to seek recommendations from them on what needs to be in the bylaws?
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">19:32:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> maybe until next meeting
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">19:32:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> if we are picking deadline, i would suggest 19.12 not 26 :)
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">19:32:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> brave man
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">19:32:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   There is no 19th month.  We only have 12 months in a year  :-P
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">19:33:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> I'm supposed to be meeting with them this week.
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">19:33:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> export LC_ALL=en_GB.UTF-8
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">19:33:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> :-) prusnak
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">19:33:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> we shouldn't miss a deadline to bring YOU back into rockstar business btw. just for the record :)
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">19:34:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so let's wait to hear back from aclark_ after his meeting and then on our ML, we'll agree on a timeline when to finish what we need before next steps
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">19:34:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> bits of both.  It is to review the purpose of the foundation - to ensure that we are approaching the bylaws in the right manner
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">19:35:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aclark_:</span> so, you'll get in touch with us at board@o.o once you have it settled with novell legal? just to understand that
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">19:35:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> once I have met with them I'll email ya'll at boar@o.o
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">19:35:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">19:35:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> so I have the action item
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">19:36:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> aclark_,  While its probably way too early to ask...  we have seen public statements (via Conference) that Novell is in support of a Foundation.   It would be cool if Attachmate could also state such early on.   But I guess right now its still too early to ask them such a thing.
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">19:36:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> To early
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">19:36:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">aclark_ to confer with Legal team this week and reply to board@ with legal advice.   After that, board will determine timelines to complete bylaws and other items</span>
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">19:36:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aclark_:</span> just wondering, would it be possible for ya to attend our meeting topic about foundation on a regular basis? it seems to me that we get forward faster that way and have an opportunity to discuss open questions in real-time?
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">19:37:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> scratch the last ?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">19:37:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;aclark_&gt;</span> yes, I have blocked my schedule for this meeting going forward
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">19:37:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> rhorstkoetter,   I think that's also a premature question  :-)   Soon enough we'll be having new board and that new board will redesignate the meeting times possibly.   Can't ask aclark_ for a commitment when we can't guarantee what time the meetings will be yet.
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">19:38:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but at least for this month and next month we should be fine with our current schedule
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">19:38:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I think we can close this topic now
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">19:39:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">aclark_:</span> thanks for attending and taking the time
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">19:39:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Board Meeting | Where do we need to improve?</span>
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">19:40:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So, I do have a topic on this matter, and wish henne and yaloki were here with their expertise on this matter, but first let's review how things are going with our product in openFATE
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">19:40:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> we already got some feedback on the news article I posted last week
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">19:40:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> see https://features.opensuse.org/statistic/product/opensuse.org
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">19:40:39 </span><span class="nka">* warlordfff</span> <span class="ac">really like openFATE</span>
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">19:41:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> particular interesting (discussed this with henne this morning) is https://features.opensuse.org/310661
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">19:41:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> IMO we should take care of that one. sounds like a very valid request to me
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">19:42:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> glad you like it
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">19:42:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> For reference everyone, our product in openFATE is here:
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">19:42:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> https://features.opensuse.org/query/run?search_string=&amp;tag=&amp;search_products[]=opensuse.org&amp;search_status[]=unconfirmed&amp;search_status[]=new&amp;search_status[]=marketplace&amp;search_status[]=implementation&amp;search_status[]=done&amp;search_status[]=rejected&amp;search_status[]=duplicate&amp;search_status[]=validation&amp;type=find&amp;commit=Search
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">19:42:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well rhorstkoetter  before we even get into actual fixes... I think we should review a minute the functionality here
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">19:42:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Well make our community even more Democratic
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">19:43:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> as we stated in the last meeting, our initial concern would be educating people what is proper to put into this list and already I see a few that don't belong in this product list
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">19:43:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> left untamed, and as this feature becomes more popular to communicate to us with, this will spiral.   We should educate from the outset.   How do we approach?
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">19:45:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> honestly I think this will be quite hard. I outlined very precisely what features/complaints we're interested in and where to file them but still most things show up in news.o.o, aren't valid etc
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">19:45:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> well we could make a list of things we do with openFATE
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">19:45:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> I fear we need to live with that
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">19:45:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> and things we don't
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">19:46:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> in a wiki page maybe
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">19:46:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   Well its not openFATE itself,  its the product category which is "opensuse.org" within openFATE
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">19:46:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">19:46:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> let me take a quick moment to explain our goal to warlordfff
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">19:46:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">19:47:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We created this new topic here called "Where do we need to improve?" several months ago.
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">19:47:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> see http://news.opensuse.org/2010/11/23/where-do-we-need-to-improve/ for an explanation
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">19:47:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> And this is for "immediately fixable" stuff.  Not heavy-duty technical stuff.   More like... for example, infrastructure.
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">19:47:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so that product tag "opensuse.org" serves as a suggestion box to the Board, and what we can do we try to fix it quickly
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">19:48:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> e.g. https://features.opensuse.org/310661 is a very good example of a valid request
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">19:48:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that summarize it well?
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">19:49:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> what I don't get is what you saw that don't belong in this product list
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">19:49:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">19:50:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   Well for example earlier today (seems one of us has moved it to another product category) was a request to integrate GIMP with openOffice.
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">19:50:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> That's not under our purview
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">19:50:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> oooooh
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">19:50:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">19:51:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> well as rhorstkoetter we will have to live with that,but...
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">19:51:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> also at news.o.o comments (anyway the wrong place) there are request not fitting into what I described in the blog post
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">19:51:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so, rhorstkoetter   back to 310661.   I agree with the argument stated as well.   So... how do we implement?
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">19:51:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and openSUSE has google indexing problems elsewhere as well.
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">19:52:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> we need to contact bugzilla admins
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">19:52:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> I'll take for that with henne
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">19:52:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think we need to go higher up
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">19:52:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we need to do a complete birds eye overview of our indexability
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">19:52:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> let me give an example.
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">19:52:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> yes, but bugzilla isn't indexed at all
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">19:52:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I subscribe to google alerts with several important keywords (including my own name hehe)
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">19:53:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> when I communicate on GNOME infrastructure, I usually see a google alert within minutes
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">19:53:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> when I communicate on openSUSE, I see a google alert in a few days... IF I'm lucky, but most times, not much
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">19:53:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> that maybe is due to your name
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">19:53:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> rofl
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">19:54:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> not just my name  :-P
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">19:54:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and my name is pretty unique so it should index pretty quick
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">19:54:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> I'm just kidding
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">19:54:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but you get my point that I have a long-standing belief that we generally aren't following good indexing practices.
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">19:55:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> I get your point
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">19:55:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and thus a top-to-bottom approach needs to be made here rather than piecemeal per item
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">19:55:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> we certainly can improve SEO
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">19:55:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> while I second what you said, bugzilla is a special case
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">19:55:49 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">would like to see that :)</span>
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">19:55:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> robots.txt doesn't allow indexing at all
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">19:56:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> see which, manugupt1 ?
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">19:56:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> SEO for openSUSE websites I have asked couple of times at opensuse-web
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">19:56:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> rhorstkoetter,   I wonder if thats an internal policy over at Novell because bugzilla also is used for Novell products
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">19:57:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> could be yes
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">19:57:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> which would serve as another argument why we want our own separate non-iChained infrastructure
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">19:57:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> we need to find out
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">19:57:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Even our wiki needs to be optimised better imo
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">19:57:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so you want to take the action on this, rhorstkoetter?
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">19:57:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> the user appropraitely oulines that particularly bugzilla is important target for indexing
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">19:58:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so is the wiki and so is the forum where many solutions are posted (similarly to posted on bugzilla)
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">19:58:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> everyone searches error codes in google and you'll always end up in launchpad + find quick workaround in comments of bug reports
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">19:58:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> not so for suse
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">19:58:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> that's pretty unfortunate to the user
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">19:58:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sure,  i know that frustration well.  It marginalizes us
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">19:59:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> it is. but wiki + forum is indexed, just bad SEO'd
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">19:59:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and gives a false indicator to the world that we're going away, which we're not
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">19:59:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> as far as I can estimate
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">19:59:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we have two issues here:
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">19:59:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.  bugzilla does not allow indexing
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">20:00:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2.  Overall openSUSE infrastructure is badly SEO'ed
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">20:00:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that sum it up right?
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">20:00:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> that's it
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">20:00:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> let's write an email to novell admins to get feedback on 1
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">20:00:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> 1) i'm afraid we can't do anything, but there is a small chance we'll have a separate bugzilla for opensuse eventually
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">20:00:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and manugupt1  has expressed his concerns in some groups about SEO.   manugupt1   What did you receive as feedback?
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">20:00:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> + post a request to opensuse-web because of (2) at first glance
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">20:01:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> suseROCKs, I got they submitted to google analytics but nothing concrete
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">20:01:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> but we can start it again..
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">20:01:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> submitting to google analytics wouldn't boost SEO
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">20:01:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> would you like to kick that off again
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">20:01:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> +1
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">20:01:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> absolutely useless ;)
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">20:02:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> atm we are using google analytics, but we'll probably switch to some other solution
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">20:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I know that.. But yes again I can kick it off..
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">20:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> quantcast
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">20:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> What we need is a team of SEO experts and I'm not sure we have any around this neck of the woods
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">20:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> GA doesn't push SEO at all
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">20:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> i know, i noted that just for the record
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">20:02:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We can use keywords from GA
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">20:02:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> as metatags
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">20:03:09 </span><span class="nka">* rhorstkoetter</span> <span class="ac">looks at manugupt1</span>
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">20:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> okay, but this discussion is getting offtopic
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">20:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> you see our SEO expert next to us?
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">20:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">20:03:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> careful, manugupt1.   rhorstkoetter gets easily infatuated  :-)
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">20:03:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> please discuss this issue further on opensuse-web@
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">20:03:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok..
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">20:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   sure  it should be discussed in the proper forum.  What I wanted to get from manugupt1 was whether there was sufficient feedback on it when he talked about it before
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">20:04:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> whether people agreed or pushed back on it.
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">20:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> fortunately
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">20:05:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> to get back on topic, I'll get in touch with henne what to do with bugzilla indexing
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">20:06:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> we'd appreciate if you'd again try to kick off SEO discussion at opensuse-web ml
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">20:06:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> ok?
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">20:06:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Fine with me
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">20:07:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> thx, apprciated
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">20:07:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   and please let us know if there is good positive response to the issue.  If not, then we will look at how to escalate it
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">20:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> (and that's our fix!)
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">20:07:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok..
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">20:07:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">rhorstkoetter and henne to discuss how to make bugzilla indexing better and reach out to Novell admins on this matter</span>
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">20:08:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">manugupt1 to communicate with opensuse-web@ on how to improve openSUSE infrastructure SEO and report back to us his findings.</span>
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">20:09:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> one more remark on GA
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">20:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> have you had a look at piwik?
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">20:09:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I have a new topic under this topic but I fear you all will have to bear with me and my technical ignorance on this matter
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">20:09:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> rhorstkoetter,   I use piwik.  It's pretty rad in some ways and pretty sucky in a lot of ways
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">20:09:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> would be, from my perspective, a welcome FLOSS alternative to GA
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">20:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rhorstkoetter:</span> henne is investigating it, piwik is one of the options
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">20:10:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and piwik development in my opinion isn't very reliable
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">20:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> and probably the best one
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">20:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> IC
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">20:10:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but I do know GNOME uses piwik
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">20:10:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I use it + like it
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">20:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I use it in conjunction with GA
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">20:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anyway... not for us to squabble about here
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">20:11:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">20:11:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we trust the implementers to make the best judgment
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">20:11:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> anything else on that topic?
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">20:11:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> definitely
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">20:11:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> none from me, so I have a new one
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">20:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the issue is in reqards to how to make proper packaging requests
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">20:12:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yaloki,  and I talked about this yesterday and we were of the feeling that it wasn't very clear in our openSUSE Project how someone can request a package to be added
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">20:12:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> openFATE?
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">20:12:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> haven't done that personally
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">20:13:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> this can be a barrier, as I encountered yesterday, where a developer decides to use openSUSE as their development platform but only gets frustrated because packages he/she relies on are more available on other distros
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">20:13:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and that person switched back to the other distro
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">20:13:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and this will be a problem if our current strategy proposal goes to appeal to a broader developer community to come to openSUSE
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">20:14:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> rhorstkoetter,   I don't know if openFATE is the way to go
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">20:14:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I don't think os
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">20:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">20:14:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> there's some confusion also about whether to send the email to packaging@ or to buildservice@  and both are subscription mailing lists
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">20:15:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> so, I clearly see where you're coming from. what do you propose?
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">20:15:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> which further creates burden
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">20:15:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> I mean in order to improve the process and make it clearer to developers/requesters?
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">20:15:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> rhorstkoetter,   i'm not sure what to propose, other than a simple dropbox where people can say "I want this package" somewhere.   I was hopign both henne and yaloki would be here so we could properly explore as I don't package  :-(
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">20:16:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> everything in openSUSE now requires subscribing or logging in (iChain) and that's an additional barrier
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">20:16:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yes, I also think we need both yaloki + henne here. let's kick off a discussion about it at board@o.o
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">20:17:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we probably have to do that.  unless prusnak can add some insights here?
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">20:19:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Folks!  hang in there, we're about to enter the Question &amp; Answer period...  just as soon as we finish this topic!
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">20:19:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> insights to what ?
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">20:19:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> to the topic we're talking about :P
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">20:19:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> if you want a package then just package it
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">20:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the matter of unclear procedure for requesting packages + the barriers that inhibit ease of request without going through "red tape" so to speak
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">20:20:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> we talk about requesting packages
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">20:20:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> not packaging them
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">20:20:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">20:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> but noone is going to do the package for you
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">20:20:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> we have had package wishlist for ages, it doesn't work that way
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">20:21:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> somewhere there's instructions to send the request to packaging@    but you have to subscribe to the list in order to do that
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">20:21:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> then we urgently need to improve here
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">20:21:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> prusnak,   why did it fail?
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">20:21:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> (at least not now when we are struggling with manpower)
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">20:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> the solution cannot be to just accept the current status quo
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">20:21:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> IMO
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">20:22:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> providing a false expectation is not a solution
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">20:22:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> its not a question of status quo in my opinion, but how we look when we publicly implement our strategy and it implies a welcome environment for developers
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">20:22:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> there might be someone who has time, but in 99% cases it does not work unfortunately
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">20:22:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> and those who package only do care about their stuff
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">20:22:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the "false expectation" is precisely the issue here
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">20:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> one thing I have said many times over the years is we *need* to educate more people on how to package
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">20:23:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have a knowledge gap here, that's for sure, and we can't close the manpower issue if we maintain the knowledge gap
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">20:24:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we cannot remain a community totally dependent on Novell's resources.  That's unfair to Novell
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">20:24:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> and to us ;-)
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">20:24:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dev001&gt;</span> ( a couple of real-world, written-in-noob-english, cradle-to-grave examples of OBS building would go a long way to that education )
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">20:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> dev001,   What I keep hearing (and I'm not a techie) is if you don't know how to write spec files, OBS isn't going to get you very far
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">20:25:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dev001&gt;</span> hence, my suggestion ...
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">20:26:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so rhorstkoetter   you still there?
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">20:26:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> certainly
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">20:26:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> I wait for dev001's suggestion
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">20:26:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> to me seems the solution here is a) first build up stronger education on OBS packaging
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">20:27:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and then b) have more people available to respond to wishlist
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">20:27:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dev001&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rhorstkoetter:</span> look up ...
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">20:27:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> this all boils down to SUSE sucks in documenting things
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">20:27:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> this was and still is a big issue
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">20:27:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dev001:</span> I second your suggestion. we need manpower to do this
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">20:27:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> documenting / educating  -- tomato / to-mah-toe  :-)
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">20:27:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> tomatensalat
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">20:28:03 </span><span class="nka">* rhorstkoetter</span> <span class="ac">likes that</span>
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">20:28:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> That's not even a real word.  It's German!
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">20:28:17 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">ducks</span>
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">20:29:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dev001:</span> I fear that if such documentation isn't written in community effort it won't be there in a foreseenable future
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">20:29:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dev001&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rhorstkoetter:</span> re: manpower, agreed.  new users would be more likely to (i) learn, (i) start write-ups &amp; contribution if we didn't treat them ... less than spectacularly.
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">20:29:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I'm German by nature
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">20:29:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we're not at an actual solution.  Even dev001's great suggestion isn't a solution yet unless we actually have someone to do it
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">20:29:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I believe we need to develop a kind of special universities/academy program to help OBS culture to reach students in the early phase of their graduations.
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">20:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> again manpower. don't get me wrong, these are brilliant suggestions and I feel just the same. question for me is "who stands up and actually does it + is able to do it"
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">20:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> IMO our problem is most related with culture than skills on how to package things
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">20:31:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> one other issue is domain (sort of) experts like me who use OBS, is it also woefully behind the docs curve
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">20:31:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I agree with rhorstkoetter man power and to write a simple doc it takes a lot of time
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">20:31:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> even for someone like me who uses it daily is sometimes lost... it is changing/maturing/more featurefull quickly
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">20:31:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> mrdocs is behind the docs curve?  :-)
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">20:31:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> (couldn't resist)
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">20:31:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dev001&gt;</span> obs is one of the most powerful tools we have, it's a unique advantage that differentiates us from *every* other distro, it's a great way to attract/retain users/contributors, once used, it benefits the ENTIER community -- and we wholly underutilize it, hiding behind "expertise".
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">20:31:59 </span><span class="nka">* mrdocs</span> <span class="ac">nods and grins</span>
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">20:32:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> so where do we get people to document OBS and packaging?
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">20:32:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> i've volunteered to do some this month
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">20:32:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> or how do we motivate existing members of our community to do so ?
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">20:32:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I say first, focus on documenting.  Then afterward we can focus on packaging
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">20:32:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">20:32:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> what we may try (and may fail) is get in touch with OBS people at opensuse-buildservice, explain the urgent issue, the consequences by not providing sufficient docs and the opportunities we have by providing docs
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">20:33:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so maybe for now, we put a call out to have a OBS Documentation Collaboration Day?
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">20:33:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> œÑŒ∑Œµ ŒìœÅŒµŒµŒ∫ œàŒøŒºŒºŒ∏ŒΩŒπœÑœÖ œàŒ±ŒΩ œÑŒ±Œ∫Œµ Œ± œÄŒ±œÅœÑ ŒøœÜ ŒπœÑ
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">20:33:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">20:33:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rhorstkoetter:</span> OBS team will not document anything
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">20:33:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> they have lots of other stuff on their plate
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">20:33:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> rhorstkoetter,  That's not something those folks haven't heard already.   As prusnak pointed out, its a resource issue for them
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">20:33:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> exactly
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">20:33:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> that's the only thing I can think of currently. then hope for a altruistic soul helping out
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">20:33:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> the Greek community can take a part of documenting OBS
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">20:34:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I have a couple of people who are interesting in it
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">20:34:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so?  Should we call out for a OBS Documentation Collaboration Day (or week or?) ?
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">20:34:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> folks, it's a hen and egg problem
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">20:35:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no it isn't
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">20:35:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I beleive after I talk with Ricardo that is owner of one important University in Brazil, we will be able to get some students from that university to give us a hand on OBS documentations too.
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">20:35:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> i like your idea
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">20:35:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> and a couple of people knowledged to write docs for interested parties
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">20:35:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">20:35:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Documentation first!   then let the rest of the chips fall where they may
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">20:35:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dev001&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> b4 calling "a Day", i suggest pick ONE example.  say a server pkg, like Apache httpd.  something big-ish, and familiar.  do a complete example 'series' -- build native &amp; opensuse-derived, @ obs-client &amp; @ obs-web.
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">20:35:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yes i believe so they are programmers,I'll contact them
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">20:35:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but with whom I contact then?
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">20:35:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dev001&gt;</span> document ONT thing 1st.  do it really well.  BEFORE rinse-n-repeat ....
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">20:36:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> give me an e-mail to give them
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">20:36:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> and talk about it
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">20:36:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   ok so when we have this collaboration period, please do welcome them to participate
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">20:37:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but before that, now we need a volunteer to comandeer this Collaboration process
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">20:37:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> take a quick breeze to summarize please
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">20:37:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> aligned?
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">20:37:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> 1. collaboration Day
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">20:37:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> or week or month,  depends.
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">20:37:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> any detailed explanation?
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">20:38:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> just raw details
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">20:38:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Someone with a reasonable level of expertise in OBS should lead this project.   and determine the timeline of the collaboration
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">20:38:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> obviously it can't be me cuz I don't know all the puzzle pieces  :-)
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">20:38:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> same here
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">20:38:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> rhorstkoetter can you give me an e-mail to give the people from the Greek community to contact for further information about writing Documentation about OBS?
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">20:39:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> I'll get to that in a few
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">20:39:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">20:39:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> mrdocs,  dev001   Interested in taking the lead on this?
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">20:39:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> this is the moment of typical silence  :-D
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">20:40:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dev001&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I have zero success in using OBS to build a single thing.  i have no obs-fu, apparently.  i build what i need from native source -- far simpler.
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">20:40:12 </span><span class="nka">* prusnak</span> <span class="ac">has to go now</span>
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">20:40:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> o/
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">20:40:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok prusnak   thanks man!
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">20:40:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> thx for attending
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">20:40:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> then it looks like mrdocs is going to be our victim!  ;-)
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">20:40:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> looks like
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">20:40:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> good opportunity for you to strut your stuff mrdocs if you're running for board
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">20:41:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dev001&gt;</span> i'd volunteer darix, as he seems to speak in obs-tongues, at times, but he gets typically grumpy when you volunteer 'im for stuff ;-)
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">20:41:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dev001:</span> no darix is too busy/important
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">20:41:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> darix is an extremely taxed man with his time.  I'd feel bad asking him to lead a big thing like this
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">20:41:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> and I am a native English speaker/writer
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">20:41:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> so sign me up
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">20:41:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We have a volunteer!!!
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">20:42:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">mrdocs to organize collaboration efforts to document OBS</span>
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">20:42:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> i was going to work on it this month anyways.. long a promise to Adrian
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">20:42:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> did I get you right that you may encourage parts of the greek community to write docs on their own?
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">20:42:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> but extra help is welcome
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">20:42:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> and
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">20:42:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> rhorstkoetter yes
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">20:42:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> IRC is far more important for OBS than the mail list FYI
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">20:42:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> One question
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">20:43:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> well
<a name="l-413"></a><span class="tm">20:43:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> tho there is a list
<a name="l-414"></a><span class="tm">20:43:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so what do I tell them?
<a name="l-415"></a><span class="tm">20:43:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> but written docs urgently need to complement real-time support
<a name="l-416"></a><span class="tm">20:43:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wait for mrdocs to figure out how he wants to organize it and he'll reach out to all of us to tell us what the plans are
<a name="l-417"></a><span class="tm">20:43:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> it cannot substitute that
<a name="l-418"></a><span class="tm">20:44:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> My question is while we join these collaboration thing will it be possible for people like me to learn OBS (zero experience)
<a name="l-419"></a><span class="tm">20:44:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> yes.. start simple
<a name="l-420"></a><span class="tm">20:44:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   again,  wait for mrdocs to figure out and organize and plan it  and he can give us the details
<a name="l-421"></a><span class="tm">20:44:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> for now...  we just dropped it in his lap  :-D
<a name="l-422"></a><span class="tm">20:44:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Yes...
<a name="l-423"></a><span class="tm">20:45:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> do you see opportubities to get the volunteering greek community organized for writing wiki docs
<a name="l-424"></a><span class="tm">20:45:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-425"></a><span class="tm">20:45:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> read the tutorials... ask questions which are not clear.. hang in #opensuse-buildservice
<a name="l-426"></a><span class="tm">20:45:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> I mean in complementing your efforts?
<a name="l-427"></a><span class="tm">20:45:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rhorstkoetter:</span> surely
<a name="l-428"></a><span class="tm">20:45:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> sometimes the issue with docs is the writer know the subject too well
<a name="l-429"></a><span class="tm">20:45:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> so
<a name="l-430"></a><span class="tm">20:45:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> assumes the reader has the same domain knowledge
<a name="l-431"></a><span class="tm">20:46:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> therefore real begginners can be excellent proof readers
<a name="l-432"></a><span class="tm">20:46:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so mrdocs will inform us, and i believe that concludes this topic
<a name="l-433"></a><span class="tm">20:46:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> and
<a name="l-434"></a><span class="tm">20:46:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> I'd just like to take up warlordfff on his offer immediately
<a name="l-435"></a><span class="tm">20:46:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rhorstkoetter:</span> +10 from me
<a name="l-436"></a><span class="tm">20:46:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> to you see an issue for a parallel effort by the greek community
<a name="l-437"></a><span class="tm">20:46:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-438"></a><span class="tm">20:46:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> rhorstkoetter,   as well as the offer by Carlos to bring in those students in Brasil who know about OBS
<a name="l-439"></a><span class="tm">20:47:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> i.e. do we need to sync or may they get immediately started without blocking your initiative?
<a name="l-440"></a><span class="tm">20:47:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, ^^
<a name="l-441"></a><span class="tm">20:47:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> certainly
<a name="l-442"></a><span class="tm">20:47:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok so mrdocs after the meeting lets talk for a while ok?
<a name="l-443"></a><span class="tm">20:47:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-444"></a><span class="tm">20:47:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> im here for 3+ hours
<a name="l-445"></a><span class="tm">20:48:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so I'm going to close this topic and move on to the final topic of the day....
<a name="l-446"></a><span class="tm">20:48:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> you know, you don't need a upper entity to talk to for starting this initiative
<a name="l-447"></a><span class="tm">20:48:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> next topic ?
<a name="l-448"></a><span class="tm">20:48:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-449"></a><span class="tm">20:48:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> just organize it and form a team to write the docs
<a name="l-450"></a><span class="tm">20:48:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Board Meeting | Topic:  Q&amp;A</span>
<a name="l-451"></a><span class="tm">20:48:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok..
<a name="l-452"></a><span class="tm">20:48:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> but as mrdocs rightly outlined, take care that it's written for people that never used OBS
<a name="l-453"></a><span class="tm">20:48:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I recieved a mail right now from them
<a name="l-454"></a><span class="tm">20:49:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Does anyone have any questions in general that brilliant guys like me and rhorstkoetter can answer?
<a name="l-455"></a><span class="tm">20:49:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Guys opensuse-web has repied I will put it now if you want it
<a name="l-456"></a><span class="tm">20:49:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Should I put the repy over here
<a name="l-457"></a><span class="tm">20:49:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that was fast... It must have been highly SEO-ed
<a name="l-458"></a><span class="tm">20:50:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-459"></a><span class="tm">20:50:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> There was another discussion a few months ago that I responded on, but I haven't heard much back.  I can tell you what I have done for the wikis, and maybe someone who knows SEO can add some input.
<a name="l-460"></a><span class="tm">20:50:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I have set up Google Webmaster Tools on www and all the wikis
<a name="l-461"></a><span class="tm">20:50:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> * I have created a cron that updates all the sitemaps daily with new and updated content for the wikis
<a name="l-462"></a><span class="tm">20:50:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> * The only suggestion given by the webmaster tools console is to remove duplicate titles, of which there are quite a few
<a name="l-463"></a><span class="tm">20:50:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-464"></a><span class="tm">20:50:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> * I did just notice that robots.txt is missing out of all the wikis, so I'm fixing that now.  It shouldn't have affected anything too much.
<a name="l-465"></a><span class="tm">20:50:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> * -Matt
<a name="l-466"></a><span class="tm">20:50:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> nah
<a name="l-467"></a><span class="tm">20:50:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dev001&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> What... is the air-speed velocity of an unladen swallow?
<a name="l-468"></a><span class="tm">20:50:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> dev001,   i don't know.  I eat too fast to swallow properly
<a name="l-469"></a><span class="tm">20:51:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dev001&gt;</span> yukyuk
<a name="l-470"></a><span class="tm">20:51:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> didn't expect that answer, did you?
<a name="l-471"></a><span class="tm">20:51:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   That's not going to help much with SEO either
<a name="l-472"></a><span class="tm">20:51:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I use webmaster tools too, and it helps with getting pages up that aren't properly indexed.  But it still doesn't answer the SEO quesiton itself
<a name="l-473"></a><span class="tm">20:51:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> suseROCKs, I think we submit our site indexes to more search engines we add that
<a name="l-474"></a><span class="tm">20:52:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Again metatags should be taken care of
<a name="l-475"></a><span class="tm">20:52:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> remember, SEO isn't about getting indexed.  It's about being *visible* in the index
<a name="l-476"></a><span class="tm">20:53:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Yes.
<a name="l-477"></a><span class="tm">20:53:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we have no questions except for the one I answered properly to dev001
<a name="l-478"></a><span class="tm">20:53:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> rhorstkoetter, any objections to closing the meeting?
<a name="l-479"></a><span class="tm">20:53:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rhorstkoetter&gt;</span> nope
<a name="l-480"></a><span class="tm">20:53:54 </span><span class="nka">* rhorstkoetter</span> <span class="ac">talking to warlordfff</span>
<a name="l-481"></a><span class="tm">20:54:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thank you all for your wonderful participation in today's Board meeting.
<a name="l-482"></a><span class="tm">20:54:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We truly appreciate this very democratically open dialogue we have today.
<a name="l-483"></a><span class="tm">20:54:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> See you all in two weeks at the next Board meeting!
<a name="l-484"></a><span class="tm">20:55:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
