<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by suseROCKs at 19:04:21 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2010-12-01-19.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Board Meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2010-12-01-19.04.log.html#l-9'>suseROCKs</a>, 19:05:16)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Board Meeting | Topic: openSUSE election /committee</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2010-12-01-19.04.log.html#l-19'>suseROCKs</a>, 19:07:37)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">suseROCKs to
    publish the Board's Perspective on being a Board Member with
    comments from other board members by end of the week</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-12-01-19.04.log.html#l-39'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:13:28)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Board Meeting | Topic openSUSE Foundation</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2010-12-01-19.04.log.html#l-46'>suseROCKs</a>, 19:15:31)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rhorstkoetter
    to investigate procedures for filing e.V. application in
    Germany</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-12-01-19.04.log.html#l-88'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:28:03)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">aclark_ to
    confer with Legal team this week and reply to board@ with legal
    advice.   After that, board will determine timelines to complete
    bylaws and other items</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-12-01-19.04.log.html#l-124'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:36:44)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Board Meeting | Where do we need to improve?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2010-12-01-19.04.log.html#l-132'>suseROCKs</a>, 19:39:19)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://features.opensuse.org/query/run?search_string=&amp;tag=&amp;search_products[]=opensuse.org&amp;search_status[]=unconfirmed&amp;search_status[]=new&amp;search_status[]=marketplace&amp;search_status[]=implementation&amp;search_status[]=done&amp;search_status[]=rejected&amp;search_status[]=duplicate&amp;search_status[]=validation&amp;type=find&amp;commit=Search">https://features.opensuse.org/query/run?search_string=&amp;tag=&amp;search_products[]=opensuse.org&amp;search_status[]=unconfirmed&amp;search_status[]=new&amp;search_status[]=marketplace&amp;search_status[]=implementation&amp;search_status[]=done&amp;search_status[]=rejected&amp;search_status[]=duplicate&amp;search_status[]=validation&amp;type=find&amp;commit=Search</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-12-01-19.04.log.html#l-141'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:42:08)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">rhorstkoetter
    and henne to discuss how to make bugzilla indexing better and reach
    out to Novell admins on this matter</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-12-01-19.04.log.html#l-250'>suseROCKs</a>,
    20:07:50)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">manugupt1 to
    communicate with opensuse-web@ on how to improve openSUSE
    infrastructure SEO and report back to us his findings.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-12-01-19.04.log.html#l-251'>suseROCKs</a>,
    20:08:19)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">mrdocs to
    organize collaboration efforts to document OBS</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-12-01-19.04.log.html#l-404'>suseROCKs</a>,
    20:42:16)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Board Meeting | Topic:  Q&amp;A</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2010-12-01-19.04.log.html#l-450'>suseROCKs</a>, 20:48:24)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 20:55:02 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2010-12-01-19.04.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs to publish the Board's Perspective on being a Board Member with comments from other board members by end of the week</li>
  <li>rhorstkoetter to investigate procedures for filing e.V. application in Germany</li>
  <li>aclark_ to confer with Legal team this week and reply to board@ with legal advice.   After that, board will determine timelines to complete bylaws and other items</li>
  <li>rhorstkoetter and henne to discuss how to make bugzilla indexing better and reach out to Novell admins on this matter</li>
  <li>manugupt1 to communicate with opensuse-web@ on how to improve openSUSE infrastructure SEO and report back to us his findings.</li>
  <li>mrdocs to organize collaboration efforts to document OBS</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> aclark_ <ol>
    <li>aclark_ to confer with Legal team this week and reply to board@ with legal advice.   After that, board will determine timelines to complete bylaws and other items</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> manugupt1 <ol>
    <li>manugupt1 to communicate with opensuse-web@ on how to improve openSUSE infrastructure SEO and report back to us his findings.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> mrdocs <ol>
    <li>mrdocs to organize collaboration efforts to document OBS</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> rhorstkoetter <ol>
    <li>rhorstkoetter to investigate procedures for filing e.V. application in Germany</li>
    <li>rhorstkoetter and henne to discuss how to make bugzilla indexing better and reach out to Novell admins on this matter</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> suseROCKs <ol>
    <li>suseROCKs to publish the Board's Perspective on being a Board Member with comments from other board members by end of the week</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs (188)</li>
  <li>rhorstkoetter (143)</li>
  <li>prusnak (31)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (30)</li>
  <li>warlordfff (28)</li>
  <li>mrdocs (28)</li>
  <li>aclark_ (17)</li>
  <li>dev001 (11)</li>
  <li>bugbot (4)</li>
  <li>CarlosRibeiro (4)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
