=========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Board Meeting
=========================================


Meeting started by henne at 18:11:47 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2010/opensuse-project.2010-07-28-18.11.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Where do we fail?  (henne, 18:29:13)
  * LINK: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Submitting_bug_reports
    (henne, 19:00:52)
  * LINK: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Openfate_documentation
    (henne, 19:02:05)
  * ACTION: prusnak revise the text of the trademark approval
    autoresponder mail and get it changed  (henne, 19:51:51)
  * ACTION: AlbertoP provide us with feedback about the passage within
    the guidelines that is a problem  (henne, 19:52:00)

* Questions and Answers  (henne, 19:55:56)



Meeting ended at 20:04:17 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* AlbertoP
  * AlbertoP provide us with feedback about the passage within the
    guidelines that is a problem
* prusnak
  * prusnak revise the text of the trademark approval autoresponder mail
    and get it changed



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* rhorstkoetter (148)
* suseROCKs (124)
* henne (106)
* michl (64)
* AlbertoP (45)
* prusnak (39)
* javier_ (7)
* BManojlovic (5)
* gnokii (3)
* bugbot (3)
* tigerfoot (2)
* yaloki (0)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4