<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">16:01:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">16:01:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jun 30 16:01:39 2010 UTC.  The chair is AJaeger. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">16:01:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">16:01:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">This meeting is meant to discuss the latest developments in and around openSUSE.</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">16:02:05 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">raises hand to signify his presence</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">16:02:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Agenda for today is :
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">16:02:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> 1.  Old Action Items
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">16:02:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> 2. Status Reports
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">16:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> 1. Board
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">16:02:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> 2. Distribution
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">16:02:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> 3. Communication / Events
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">16:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> 4. Build Service
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">16:02:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> 3. Questions &amp; Answers
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">16:02:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> 1. From Wiki
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">16:02:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> 2. From Channel
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">16:02:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Any update on the old action items?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">16:03:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> You can check the items via http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">16:03:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Old Action itmes</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">16:04:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> So, no progress ? ;-(
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">16:04:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status reports</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">16:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I have seen status reports from Build Service and Distribution.
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">16:05:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Any questions on these?
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">16:05:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Coolob&gt;</span> rc2 is uploading...
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">16:05:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I know that the board is meeting later today in this channel for their public meeting, everybody is invited to join
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">16:05:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes.  we will give out free refreshments (virtually!) :-)
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">16:06:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Coolob:</span> So, we will release openSUSE 11.3 RC2 tomorrow?  Are there any known shipblocker that would hinder us to declare it the final version?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">16:06:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">everybody joining the openSUSE board meeting today will get a free virtual refreshment from suseROCKs</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">16:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> u mean grilled suseROCKs
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">16:07:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Coolob&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ajaeger:</span> it is build from the wrong project. We need to bootstrap 11.3 now
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">16:08:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Thanks Coolob for the update.
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">16:08:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Any questions?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">16:08:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> What does that mean?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">16:08:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> even if I can make a story out of it, I am sure many can not
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">16:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">coolob:</span> give us another sentence what that means
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">16:10:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> I interpret it as: The media are build from the Factory project, we need to build the final media from the 11.3 project so that e.g. updates work.
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">16:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Coolob&gt;</span> <span class="hi">drago:</span> no bugs, but we can't declare it final
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">16:10:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Coolob hopes that the build from 11.3 does not introduce any regressions...
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">16:10:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> right. Thats what I would have interepreted as well
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">16:10:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">16:11:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> ok, please let me know if I am asking too dumb questions
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">16:11:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">RC2 does not contain known shipstopper bugs, but will be rebuild from 11.3 project for final versions</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">16:11:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but we're on track for public release final date on 15th, right?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">16:11:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> Will do - but I agree, we should not assume too much ;)
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">16:11:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Yes
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">16:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> If marketing is ready ;)
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">16:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we're never ready  :-)
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">16:12:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Ok, any questions on build service, board, events?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">16:12:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> Can you give an update on the openSUSE conference?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">16:12:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Coolob&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sr:</span> i have no infos that would mean a slip
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">16:12:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> Well, yes
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">16:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> we had some interesting talk proposals already
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">16:13:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> but we're still collecting of course
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">16:13:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> pls everybody spread  the word
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">16:13:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> How does the "Crossing border" motto gets accepted?
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">16:13:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> talk, really talk to lots of people and tell them that we appreciate their contribs to the conference
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">16:14:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Coolob&gt;</span> lots of illegals asking for visas?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">16:14:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> the across borders thing seems to hit the bulls eye
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">16:14:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Coolob:</span> not yet
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">16:14:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> any insights from your side?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">16:15:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I think its important that we actively approach people from which we think they can give valueable talks
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">16:15:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> on the conference, of course
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">16:15:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> cschumacher will spread the word at aKademy
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">16:15:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> and Vinc will do the same at Guaded
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">16:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Conference in October is on track, "Crossing border" motto hits the bulls eye - more talks are welcome!</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">16:15:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> Great!
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">16:15:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> rlihm produced for these 2 events book marks with the request for call for papers
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">16:15:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> also we need to think about the keynotes
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">16:16:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> Did our OSConf promotion on Linuxtag show any success?
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">16:16:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> not just think ;-)
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">16:16:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span>  did you send it to the b1 people?
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">16:16:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> speakers, topics or maybe different formats
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">16:16:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> Where can I download the bookmarks?
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">16:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> what else is happening with Conference planning?  I know dragotin leads the presentation planning stuff,  but how about other areas?  Any thing going on there yet?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">16:16:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> first think, than execute
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">16:16:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> huh - new to me
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">16:17:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> äh
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">16:17:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> lost
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">16:17:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> sent what?
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">16:17:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I agree we need to do more on the conference
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">16:17:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> dragotin, ask Jos for a news article
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">16:18:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> dragotin, michl, FunkyPenguin, suseROCKs: Do we need another IRC meeting just for the conference?
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">16:18:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I would propose to create another team, a conf organisation team
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">16:18:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> absolutely
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">16:18:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> Next week?  Later?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">16:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we lack frequent meetings on every topic around here, we need many many more meetings.  It invigorates us
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">16:19:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> I thought michl wanted to schedule it this week thursday?!
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">16:19:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> michl?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">16:19:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">michl to set up next conference IRC meeting</span>
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">16:19:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that's kind of late notice if it hasn't been announced yet.   :)
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">16:19:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Ok, anything else on status?
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">16:19:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> nothing tomorrow
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">16:20:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> you can calm down
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">16:20:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I'd love to hear something about the wiki migration
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">16:20:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> thanks digitltom for your answer on the list
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">16:21:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> the wiki migration needs help in special areas
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">16:21:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> for example the distribution presentation
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">16:21:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> Yes, agreed.  Could we get a more public statement with call for help?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">16:21:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> AJaeger henne is against such a move :-(
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">16:21:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> we need help from people that have the knowledge about the distribution and highlights of it
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">16:22:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> which move?
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">16:22:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> And those are most probably busy with the 11.3 launch ;-(
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">16:22:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> making more buzz around and attract people
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">16:22:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> there's no need for volunteers without knowledge of the new wiki and it's content that just copy and paste pages...
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">16:23:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> the problem wiht a public call is that we need people who are really willing to invest
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">16:23:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> I spoke with henne last week and he said the current team is enough
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">16:23:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> but reading tom's mail I fear there are to many blanks
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">16:23:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span>  we could need your help on the product pages
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">16:23:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> the wiki team is afraid that people come with limited time and do not really invest enough to follow the conventions
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">16:24:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> translated: please dig yourself into the product pages and make them good
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">16:24:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> for one thing, I've been confused as to the new strategy for page placements on the new wiki
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">16:24:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> That raises the question for me whether our conventions are too strict.  It sounds that the barrier to participate is too high
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">16:25:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> might be. The discussion about that finished six month ago
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">16:25:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Apparently we are not supposed to do subpages anymore and that can be quite a new learning curve for people to adjust to.
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">16:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> the conventions create the basis for a new wiki with better quality
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">16:26:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> I agree on that
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">16:26:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  yes that's something i had to learn, too
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">16:26:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I think it does not make sense to weaken that now
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">16:26:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> +1
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">16:26:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> But it would help if people from the wiki team could "teach" that more openly
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">16:27:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm not proposing to change.   I have not been involved in the wiki discussions so its generally inappropriate for me to jump in late in the game and say "you can't do that!"
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">16:27:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> would it be possible to create maybe a screencast about the new wiki concept?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">16:27:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> another +1
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">16:27:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> greate idea!
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">16:27:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> or just an article on news or lizards
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">16:27:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> But for me, when I tried to understand the reasoning and logic behind the new convention, that's where there was a breakdown.  The education process doesn't seem to include explanations well.
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">16:27:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> so it can be linked off an reused
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">16:27:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span>  maybe, but it's very cleanly outlined on Portal:Wiki
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">16:27:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> to make it easier for people like michl who are interested in general on a specific topic ?
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">16:28:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> Sometimes a different angle is needed ;)
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">16:28:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> "people like Michl"?  Even scientists haven't figured out what that is.  :-)
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">16:28:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> what Michl is? I can tell you...
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">16:28:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> you mean even a few nobel prize winners found out
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">16:29:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We need a dedicated meeting for that topic.  Better not raise it now.
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">16:29:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> yes, maybe we can summarize and make an article. but i don't know how to put that into a screencast
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">16:29:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> +1
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">16:30:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Could we give a simple walk-through via webcast about the new concepts?
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">16:30:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> digitltom,   Whatever you do, make sure it explains the "why" of the convention in the simplest of terms.  Remember that potential contributors to the wiki may not be very technical themselves.    Be as layman as you can.
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">16:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> So, is this an AI for digitltom?
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">16:31:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> thats a bit quick
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">16:31:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> I would say digitltoms work force is better used if he migrates ;-)
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">16:32:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I would turn it to a AI dragotin to propose that on the wiki list
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">16:32:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">16:32:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> That's why I asked ;)  Thanks for volunteering
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">16:32:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> lets dont make digitltom showing up here for the last time today just because he's the only wiki guy ;-)
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">16:33:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">dragotin to ask on the wiki list on how to explain new concepts, e.g. via webcast to give a different view on the migration</span>
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">16:34:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Ok, let's move on to general "Questions &amp; Answers "
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">16:34:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> i don't think that's the solution to the problem, we need experts from the specific topics to migrate them
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">16:34:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> good examples where this worked out are buildservice, zypper, weekly news
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">16:35:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> how did that work out?
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">16:35:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> digitltom,  Actually what I think happened here is that we identified a secondary problem which is effective adoption by contributors to the new wiki.    And I think that's an important piece of the puzzle for long-term wiki buy-in
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">16:35:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> guys from the wiki team created the pages in the new wiki and told the experts to fill them?
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">16:35:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> should we continue the discussion on the wiki mailing list?
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">16:35:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> those people migrated their topic with the helping hand of the wiki team
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">16:36:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> right, I think that is a good approach
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">16:36:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> but +1 for continuing that on the wiki list
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">16:36:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I agree, we need to educate the "second wave" as well
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">16:36:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">"Question and answers"</span>
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">16:37:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> There are no questions on the wiki, so let's open directly to questions from the channel
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">16:37:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitshuffler&gt;</span> Can we please get ARM builds for 11.3+1?
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">16:38:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> how are the abilities of OBS to build for ARM?
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">16:38:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bitshuffler:</span> You mean for factory?  I suggest to discuss this on the buildservice mailing list.
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">16:38:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> We do it already but I don't know what it means for Factory....
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">16:38:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitshuffler&gt;</span> obs can already build for arm - iirc just not directly.
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">16:39:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bitshuffler:</span> so enhance it and just do it ;-)
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">16:39:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> building for ARM takes ages so it cant catch up with normal Factory (I think)
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">16:39:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitshuffler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> well, the idea is to make if "official" so we also get upates and so on ;D
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">16:39:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> so you need take care of that as well :-(
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">16:40:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> the maintenance team is open
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">16:40:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitshuffler&gt;</span> yes, the long time those takes surely is a problem but the meego folks apparently do it in some way too so it must be possible
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">16:40:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bitshuffler:</span> Let's discuss this via email - and clearly define what needs to be done.
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">16:40:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitshuffler&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">16:40:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bitshuffler:</span> And who will do what...
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">16:40:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitshuffler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> do what?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">16:41:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitshuffler&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> sry, misread. It's fine :)
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">16:41:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bitshuffler:</span> Handling all the problems that might arise
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">16:41:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">bitshuffler:</span> take the responsibility to get the ARM builds going
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">16:41:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Further questions?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">16:41:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I have an announcement
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">16:41:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> i heard we have a new opensuse-women community started :-)
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">16:42:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">bitshuffler will discuss building Factory for Arm</span>
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">16:42:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we have a opensuse-women group started.</span>
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">16:42:46 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">applauds Susanne for starting it</span>
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">16:42:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;susanne_&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">16:42:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> thats what I wanted to "announce" as well ;-)
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">16:43:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> Do you want to announce it on news.o.o as well?
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">16:43:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> Or do a women of openSUSE interview? ;)
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">16:43:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> I guess I can't
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">16:43:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> too little charma
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">16:43:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> Yes, an interview would be fun :)
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">16:43:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I can take the AI on that
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">16:44:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> wow - my kids start a fight
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">16:44:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">dragotin to do an interview of susanne_ for people of openSUSE</span>
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">16:44:33 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">thanks dragotin</span>
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">16:44:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Additional topics, announcements, questions?
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">16:45:14 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">has already joined the women ML so I can keep track and learn more from the women's group</span>
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">16:45:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Otherwise let's close the meeting....
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">16:45:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;susanne_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> :)
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">16:45:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> women of openSUSE?
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">16:45:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> ok, let's conclude the meeting!
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">16:46:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
