16:01:16 <henne> #startmeeting
16:01:16 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed Dec 15 16:01:16 2010 UTC.  The chair is henne. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
16:01:16 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
16:01:25 <henne> #meetingtopic Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!
16:01:34 <henne> Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!
16:01:49 <henne> This meeting is meant to discuss the latest developments in and around openSUSE.
16:01:56 <henne> The topics for this meeting are:
16:02:07 <henne> 1. Old Action Items
16:02:07 <henne> 2. Status Reports
16:02:07 <henne> 3. Questions & Answers
16:02:18 <henne> let's roll
16:02:33 <henne> #topic Old Action Items
16:02:51 <henne> you can find the AI's in bugzilla with this link: http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items
16:03:23 <henne> there is only one open
16:03:30 <henne> its about the Junior Jobs page
16:03:51 <henne> in relation to the indian student programm
16:03:53 <manugupt1> henne, 634456
16:04:05 <manugupt1> I contacted Renuka S
16:04:06 <henne> bug #634456
16:04:09 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 634456 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "[AI] Indian students working on openSUSE" [Normal,Assigned] https://bugzilla.novell.com/634456
16:04:19 <henne> manugupt1: about?
16:04:30 <manugupt1> henne, about this bug as michl asked me to contact her
16:04:38 <henne> ah okay :)
16:04:44 <henne> sorry I'm not really involved...
16:04:50 <manugupt1> Well she is hospitalised
16:05:07 <manugupt1> as of now but she said she will speak to me later
16:05:19 <henne> oh okay
16:05:27 <henne> so can we assign this AI to you?
16:05:34 <henne> or what are you speaking about?
16:05:39 <manugupt1> No.. Please no its a Novell thing
16:05:43 <manugupt1> I spoke about me
16:05:59 <manugupt1> Indian students who approach novell are directly trainees under novell
16:06:06 <henne> please can you elaborate?
16:06:52 <manugupt1> Ok.. Suppose I go to Novell as a student I will usually go there as a trainee to complete my semester coursework
16:07:12 <manugupt1> So this a Novell thing for Indian Students
16:07:30 <henne> okay but this is not what the AI is about...
16:07:53 <manugupt1> Any indian student approaching will think in this manner
16:08:53 <manugupt1> henne, it is because they think it is worth it student who do not contact novell will find ways again
16:09:08 <manugupt1> henne, I am saying this because I am a student
16:09:17 <manugupt1> in India
16:09:27 <henne> manugupt1: i get you  but i don't get the relation to the AI
16:09:38 <henne> its about the junior jobs page
16:09:58 <henne> and the junior jobs page is not a novell thing :)
16:10:18 <manugupt1> henne, point is then those students would already have come
16:10:51 <manugupt1> I hope you are getting my point
16:11:28 <henne> dragotin: do you know any other detail about this?
16:11:44 <manugupt1> henne, even I thought the same ;)
16:12:36 <henne> okay anyway
16:13:12 <henne> any proposals what beside package version updates and JJ bugs  we can put on the junior jobs page?
16:14:29 <henne> is anyone awake?
16:15:04 <henne> cool
16:15:06 <manugupt1> I am :)
16:15:07 * suseROCKs is fully awake after treating himself to a large breakfast
16:15:17 <gnokii> yeah
16:15:34 <dragotin> henne: I am as well
16:15:40 <henne> okay c'mon people you must have ideas for the JJ page...
16:15:42 <dragotin> but I am lost on the indian thing
16:16:03 <henne> dragotin: it feels to me like we should drop this
16:16:17 <henne> finish the JJ page and declare it done...
16:16:23 <dragotin> probably
16:16:49 <suseROCKs> I have no comments on it at this time
16:16:55 <dragotin> however, a JJ page has not very much to do with Indian students
16:17:04 <henne> can people do some junior thing in openfate ?
16:17:06 <dragotin> a good JJP is helpful anyway
16:17:13 <henne> dragotin: according to the AI it has
16:17:23 <dragotin> henne: well...
16:17:41 <dragotin> what if a german student is looking for a JJ?
16:17:45 <dragotin> page would be helpful
16:17:51 <dragotin> thats what I mean
16:17:54 <suseROCKs> is there such a thing as junior jobs?
16:17:56 <henne> yes sure. no one is doubting that :)
16:18:06 <suseROCKs> this bug yields no information about that
16:18:18 <henne> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Junior_jobs
16:18:52 <suseROCKs> ok
16:18:53 <henne> we have simple package version updates and junior bugs
16:18:59 <gnokii> henne: ?
16:19:01 <henne> and we wanted a third thing
16:19:35 <suseROCKs> so is there someone who is handling the interface between potential schools/students?
16:20:03 <henne> can we stay on topic please?
16:20:26 <henne> lets us just finish this page please...
16:20:42 <dragotin> simple feature screening like
16:20:50 <dragotin> - asking back the reporter for more info
16:20:53 <dragotin> - seeking for dups
16:21:04 <dragotin> - correcting products
16:21:06 <dragotin> and such
16:21:09 <dragotin> also a junior job
16:21:23 <dragotin> nothing in the documentation space?
16:21:26 <henne> ah the marketplace thing
16:21:36 <dragotin> like wiki transistion :-P
16:22:31 <suseROCKs> wouldn't it be more effective if we asked each team to propose their ideas for junior jobs rather than us trying to figure out by reaching far and wide?
16:22:37 <henne> i just add the feature marketplace to the JJ page
16:22:51 <gnokii> dragotin: u really like to mix that?
16:22:52 <henne> and then we're done with it
16:22:59 <suseROCKs> ok
16:23:43 <dragotin> gnokii: mix what?
16:24:03 <gnokii> mix programmer jobs with wiki/merketing and other jobs
16:24:13 <gnokii> marketing I meant
16:24:16 <dragotin> for Junior Jobs, yes, I don't care
16:24:37 <dragotin> main thing is that people get something they're interested in and start to ask questions
16:24:53 <dragotin> thats only the starting point anyway
16:25:11 <gnokii> of course but for take a bug or something like that, its a higher step to take or?
16:25:53 <dragotin> yes, maybe, but still, we can sort that when the people are in
16:25:53 <henne> its about showing people the door into doing something
16:26:08 <dragotin> I think we should not dig to deep here.
16:26:13 <henne> not about providing the most easy thing there is
16:26:20 <gnokii> henne: we have same opinion on that
16:26:38 <henne> ive added feature marketplace to the page, will fill it with more text after the meeting
16:26:51 <dragotin> henne: heroe
16:26:51 <henne> ill also close the AI. agreed?
16:27:03 <suseROCKs> +1
16:27:45 <dragotin> henne: heroe
16:27:58 <henne> hiro
16:28:21 <henne> there are no other AI's then
16:28:35 <henne> next topic?
16:28:58 <suseROCKs> Go for it
16:29:09 <henne> #topic Status Reports
16:29:20 <henne> Teams and individuals send various status reports around. Coolo sends one for the distribution, the OBS team publishes meeting minutes, the boosters their "What are the boosters up to" blogposts, the board has a public meeting and so on and so on. Are there any questions regarding those or do we need to discuss anything in detail?
16:30:14 <dragotin> wow - finally we made it to have a king :-)
16:30:45 <suseROCKs> I think we're kind of in agreement that we're ging to start blogging Board meeting updates more frequently
16:31:27 <henne> as long as you do it we are ;)
16:31:33 <gnokii> :D
16:31:36 <suseROCKs> I think that was part of the agreement  :-D
16:31:39 <jospoortvliet> and the distribution one by coolo is something which could be blogged too, or picked up by the news team...
16:32:09 <henne> yes but this topic is about the content of those....
16:32:11 <henne> for instance
16:32:26 <henne> i would like to bring up the feature thing coolo had in one of his reports
16:32:39 <henne> about major features for 11.4
16:32:50 <henne> where was it...
16:32:52 <dragotin> they do not exist according to coolo, right?
16:33:28 <henne> http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-boosters/2010-12/msg00025.html
16:33:45 <henne> well no one know about them
16:33:52 <henne> thats what i read into that
16:33:57 <suseROCKs> maybe I'm reading wrong, but sounds like you want cherry-picked newsworthy items in a report as opposed to a status report per se.   Am i reading correctly?
16:34:16 <henne> suseROCKs: no. i want to discuss 11.4 features now
16:34:25 <dragotin> the absence of...
16:34:32 <suseROCKs> ok
16:34:39 <henne> or the absence of yes. but i don't believe that :)
16:35:07 <dragotin> henne: is spideroak in shape again ;-) ?
16:35:39 <henne> yes but spideroak is old :)
16:35:51 <dragotin> I think we will have a boosters sprint to work on features
16:36:03 <jospoortvliet> didn't we have a mail discussion about that recently?
16:36:07 <henne> work on features?
16:36:23 <henne> jospoortvliet: where?
16:36:40 <dragotin> henne: yes, why not? We were discussing that after 11.3 that it would make sense to have a "distro-sprint"
16:36:47 <dragotin> I still think that makes sense
16:36:58 <dragotin> hoever, that does not mean that the problem is solved
16:37:00 <jospoortvliet> henne: hmmm that was kulow, aj and me, should've been public, sorry
16:37:01 <henne> dragotin: a little late right? we're weeks behind feature freeze :)
16:37:08 <jospoortvliet> anyway, we concluded basically the same as you do
16:37:19 <jospoortvliet> however, the performance improvements in the new kernel are definately worth mentioning
16:37:20 <henne> jospoortvliet: which is?
16:37:30 <jospoortvliet> (little visible improvements)
16:37:32 <dragotin> humpf
16:37:37 <jospoortvliet> and Firefox 4 and WebM are notable
16:37:44 <jospoortvliet> a third thing will hopefully crop up ?!?
16:38:04 <jospoortvliet> maybe the improvements to zypper, I dunno
16:38:21 <jospoortvliet> if there were any (at least behavior changes I thought, download first then install, something like that)
16:38:29 <henne> i bet there are tons of cool things we can mention
16:38:48 <henne> its just that someone has to dig them up :)
16:39:25 <henne> so the real question is who is going to do that?
16:40:15 <jospoortvliet> any suggestions on how to dig that up?
16:40:30 <dragotin> ask coolo is a good start
16:40:38 <dragotin> and try to filter his answers ;-)
16:40:39 <henne> read package changelogs
16:40:51 <henne> coolo doesnt know shit
16:41:14 <dragotin> henne: very nice of you  :)
16:41:30 <jospoortvliet> henne you're as polite as ever
16:41:30 <henne> or he used to know for a couple of minutes when he checks in :)
16:41:42 <suseROCKs> nice save!  :-)
16:41:43 <jospoortvliet> but yeah, master kulow has no idea either
16:41:47 <henne> but he can't keep this stuff in memory for 3500 packages
16:41:55 <jospoortvliet> I'd love to mention tumbleweed
16:42:00 <jospoortvliet> ...
16:42:04 <jospoortvliet> as it would start then
16:42:07 <jospoortvliet> but it's still quite experimental
16:42:13 <henne> so reading package changelogs is the only way...
16:42:23 <jospoortvliet> wow that's painful
16:42:24 <jospoortvliet> ...
16:42:36 <jospoortvliet> could we ask each 'team' to come up with their top 3 features or something?
16:42:43 <jospoortvliet> as in kernel etc etc etc
16:42:47 <jospoortvliet> or even just top 1...
16:42:52 <henne> we only have very high level teams
16:43:12 <gnokii> jospoortvliet: who is we
16:43:16 <jospoortvliet> KDE and GNOME and LXDE and XFCE can each do 2-3 features, I bet that won't be an issue. Question is if kernel, xorg etc can do it to
16:43:26 <jospoortvliet> we would be here the marketing team, after all they/we have to write this thing
16:44:09 <henne> if we say the marketing team gets this together (in whatever way) i'm fine
16:44:11 <jospoortvliet> btw I'd like to organize a marketing meeting beginning of feb
16:44:14 <henne> are we?
16:44:16 <jospoortvliet> could be a good time to do this together
16:44:41 <jospoortvliet> this sounds like a marketing thing to me and I'd be happy to try and lead the effort
16:44:45 <jospoortvliet> will need help however
16:44:49 <jospoortvliet> (hence the meeting)
16:45:29 <jospoortvliet> if you (-project members) agree it's a good idea to do that
16:45:30 <henne> okay wonderful
16:45:37 <jospoortvliet> I can take care of it with Bryen
16:46:00 <henne> i make this an AI
16:46:06 <suseROCKs> I'll be working on the wiki page this afternoon preparing to organize it
16:46:23 <henne> the wiki page?
16:46:48 <suseROCKs> yes
16:47:08 <jospoortvliet> I'd say let's start with sending out a feeler on the marketing list, see if ppl are interested and if beginning of feb works
16:47:11 <jospoortvliet> we have fosdem there
16:47:15 <jospoortvliet> maybe the week before or after
16:47:16 <suseROCKs> we need to start figuring out who wants to go, exactly where we want it to be (though we have an idea now to do it next to FOSDEM) and what the specific agenda will be for those days
16:48:10 <jospoortvliet> yup
16:48:29 <jospoortvliet> henne: ok put AI on me and suseROCKs we'll present it to marketing team
16:48:33 <jospoortvliet> if ppl are interesed we can do this
16:48:53 <jospoortvliet> otherwise I'll fly in helen south, lock her up for a week in the basement and it'll be done too :D
16:48:54 <jospoortvliet> hehe
16:49:05 <suseROCKs> lol
16:49:16 <henne> okay done. Bug #659659
16:49:19 <bugbot> openSUSE bug 659659 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "Top feature list for 11.4" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/659659
16:49:19 <suseROCKs> aren't there enough stories about people being locked up in basements over there?
16:49:37 <henne> anything else we need to discuss on the various status reports?
16:50:22 <suseROCKs> none thus far
16:50:49 <henne> okay next topic then
16:50:56 <henne> #topic Questions & Answers
16:51:12 <henne> there are no questions on the wiki
16:51:19 <henne> any general questions here?
16:51:25 <henne> any other topic we need to discuss?
16:51:52 <suseROCKs> I keep looking out my door for a spiked eggnog delivery by FedEx from jospoortvliet to all of us.  is my expectation misguided?
16:52:06 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: I think it is
16:52:16 <jospoortvliet> you can be a bit misguided sometimes :D
16:52:37 <jospoortvliet> I would never spike eggnog. eggnog would spike my actual drink.
16:53:29 <suseROCKs> hugs jospoortvliet
16:53:37 <henne> okay then this is the end. my friend
16:54:00 <henne> If you have more, don't hesitate to bring it up on the appropriate mailinglist.
16:54:03 <henne> #info The next project meeting will be in two weeks. Same channel but this time at 12:00 UTC.
16:54:07 <henne> Thank you all for participating. Good night and good luck!
16:54:10 <suseROCKs> ummm
16:54:11 <suseROCKs> hold on
16:54:15 <suseROCKs> meeting in two weeks?
16:54:19 <henne> what now?
16:54:34 <suseROCKs> Seriously?  You're not going to give people a break that week?  Dec 29
16:54:37 <lupinstein> I love just plain eggnog, I drink about 1 Gallon week during the holidays
16:54:39 <henne> not? :)
16:54:58 <henne> do we want to have a break? :)
16:55:02 * manugupt1 lets give suseROCKs a b'day bash
16:55:15 <suseROCKs> shh manugupt1
16:55:36 <suseROCKs> henne,   Don't be a grinch.  Let people have the week off during holidays.  If there's anything pressing people will bring it up on the ML
16:55:38 <lupinstein> I think it would be best that nothing happens the last two weeks of the year
16:56:27 * jospoortvliet believes henne enjoys being a grinch just a tad too much to let go
16:56:46 <henne> #undo
16:56:46 <bugbot> Removing item from minutes: <MeetBot.items.Info object at 0x1311d90>
16:56:47 <suseROCKs> isn't one of the reasons why we love him?  Amongst many others as well
16:57:04 * gnokii watch dister awards
16:57:59 <henne> #info The next project meeting will be in four weeks (2011.01.12). Same channel at 16:00 UTC.
16:58:06 <suseROCKs> +1
16:58:08 <henne> Thank you all for participating. Good night and good luck!
16:58:11 <henne> #endmeeting