<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by AJaeger at 16:01:39 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2010-06-30-16.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">This meeting is meant to discuss the latest
    developments in and around openSUSE.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-06-30-16.01.log.html#l-4'>AJaeger</a>,
    16:01:52)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Old Action itmes</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2010-06-30-16.01.log.html#l-18'>AJaeger</a>, 16:03:54)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status reports</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2010-06-30-16.01.log.html#l-20'>AJaeger</a>, 16:04:40)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">everybody joining the openSUSE board meeting
    today will get a free virtual refreshment from suseROCKs</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-06-30-16.01.log.html#l-27'>AJaeger</a>,
    16:06:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">RC2 does not contain known shipstopper bugs,
    but will be rebuild from 11.3 project for final versions</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-06-30-16.01.log.html#l-41'>AJaeger</a>,
    16:11:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">openSUSE Conference in October is on track,
    "Crossing border" motto hits the bulls eye - more talks are
    welcome!</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-06-30-16.01.log.html#l-64'>AJaeger</a>,
    16:15:46)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">michl to set
    up next conference IRC meeting</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-06-30-16.01.log.html#l-88'>AJaeger</a>,
    16:19:28)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">dragotin to
    ask on the wiki list on how to explain new concepts, e.g. via
    webcast to give a different view on the migration</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-06-30-16.01.log.html#l-145'>AJaeger</a>,
    16:33:13)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">"Question and answers"</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2010-06-30-16.01.log.html#l-157'>AJaeger</a>, 16:36:46)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">bitshuffler will discuss building Factory for
    Arm</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-06-30-16.01.log.html#l-180'>AJaeger</a>,
    16:42:13)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">we have a opensuse-women group started.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-06-30-16.01.log.html#l-181'>AJaeger</a>,
    16:42:32)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">dragotin to
    do an interview of susanne_ for people of openSUSE</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-06-30-16.01.log.html#l-192'>AJaeger</a>,
    16:44:18)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 16:46:02 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2010-06-30-16.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>michl to set up next conference IRC meeting</li>
  <li>dragotin to ask on the wiki list on how to explain new concepts, e.g. via webcast to give a different view on the migration</li>
  <li>dragotin to do an interview of susanne_ for people of openSUSE</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> dragotin <ol>
    <li>dragotin to ask on the wiki list on how to explain new concepts, e.g. via webcast to give a different view on the migration</li>
    <li>dragotin to do an interview of susanne_ for people of openSUSE</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> michl <ol>
    <li>michl to set up next conference IRC meeting</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> susanne_ <ol>
    <li>dragotin to do an interview of susanne_ for people of openSUSE</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>AJaeger (72)</li>
  <li>dragotin (55)</li>
  <li>michl (22)</li>
  <li>suseROCKs (17)</li>
  <li>digitltom (14)</li>
  <li>bitshuffler (7)</li>
  <li>Coolob (5)</li>
  <li>gnokii (3)</li>
  <li>susanne_ (2)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
  <li>cwh (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
