<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">16:08:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">16:08:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Nov 17 16:08:59 2010 UTC.  The chair is henne. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">16:08:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">16:09:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> quick.
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">16:09:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">16:09:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">16:09:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> This meeting is meant to discuss the latest developments in and around openSUSE.
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">16:09:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> The topics for this meeting are:
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">16:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> # Old Action Items
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">16:10:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> # Status Reports
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">16:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> # Project &amp; Board meeting merger
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">16:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> # Questions &amp; Answers
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">16:10:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> lets go
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">16:11:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Old Action Items</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">16:11:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">you can find the action items in bugzilla with this link: http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">16:12:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> there is still only one AI
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">16:12:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the one about the indian students. any progress there?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">16:12:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Bug #634456
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">16:12:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 634456 in openSUSE.org (Action Items) "[AI] Indian students working on openSUSE" [Normal,Assigned] https://bugzilla.novell.com/634456
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">16:13:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> just the progress that I pinged 2 or 3 times already our QA colleagues to fill in their content on the junior job page
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">16:13:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I havent heard about progress there
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">16:13:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> from India currently it is silent
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">16:13:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">16:14:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> time to ask india?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">16:14:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so how about we use something else?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">16:14:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> another job than the QA testplans I mean
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">16:14:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> Ask again on the opensuse-testing page - let the two of us do this tomorrow
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">16:15:01 </span><span class="nka">* gnokii</span> <span class="ac">when u ask indians they tell u stories u have to look personally there</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">16:15:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> s/page/mail list/
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">16:15:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay but can we agree on that this is the last time we ask? :)
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">16:16:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> yeah!
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">16:16:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> then we pick something else in the next project meeting
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">16:17:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> agreed?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">16:17:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> michl?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">16:17:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">16:17:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> makes sense
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">16:17:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">16:18:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> AI updated.
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">16:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> next topic then
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">16:19:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status reports</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">16:19:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Teams and individuals send various status reports around. Coolo sends one for the distribution, the OBS team publishes meeting minutes, the boosters their "What are the boosters up to" blogposts, the board has a public meeting and so on and so on. Are there any questions regarding those or do we need to discuss anything in detail?
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">16:20:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> nothing?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">16:20:33 </span><span class="nka">* coolo</span> <span class="ac">would like to highlight http://openqa.opensuse.org</span>
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">16:20:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> then highlight it :)
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">16:20:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> Not sure if my question would be part of the "status reports" or more for "Q&amp;A" so I'll wait for Q&amp;A
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">16:21:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;coolo&gt;</span> you can now check the factory status in pictures, e.g. http://openqa.opensuse.org/cgi-bin/resultdetails/openSUSE-NET-i586-Build0856-lxde
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">16:21:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;coolo&gt;</span> my status reports are pointless from now on ;)
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">16:21:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dev001&gt;</span> @ bugzilla, default assignee for "Network" is set, oddly, to "bnc-team-gnome@forge.provo.novell.com".  but at https://bugzilla.novell.com/describecomponents.cgi?product=openSUSE%2011.3, it indicates it should be:   "bnc-team-screening@forge.provo.novell.com".  which is correct?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">16:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dev001:</span> we are in the middle of a meeting...
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">16:22:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">coolo:</span> but this is after the fact right?
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">16:22:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">coolo:</span> if there is no iso there wont be a nice page ;)
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">16:22:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;coolo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> status reports always are, no?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">16:23:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;coolo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> that's true - it won't report _too_ broken status and I was only joking about my reports
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">16:23:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> good
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">16:23:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">16:24:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay nothing else we need to discuss?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">16:25:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> next topic then
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">16:25:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Project &amp; Board meeting merger</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">16:26:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> in the last board meeting suseROCKs had the idea to merge the project and the board meeting
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">16:26:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> what is usually discussed during the board meeting? :-)
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">16:26:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the reasoning was the project meeting is usually pretty dry and the board meetings lack attendance
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">16:27:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> So we get the best of both worlds? No attendance for a dry meeting? ;)
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">16:27:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes!
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">16:27:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">16:27:43 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">is all for it!</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">16:27:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">16:28:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> you really need some holidays... :P
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">16:28:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">16:28:40 </span><span class="nka">* vuntz</span> <span class="ac">thinks it's a good way to keep yaloki swamped in board stuff in the future ;-)</span>
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">16:28:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> foundation and we try to solve one pratical problem during the meeting
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">16:28:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> but...
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">16:28:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> he live wrong country today is holiday :D
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">16:29:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> that ties into my question about: what's the status of the openSUSE Foundation?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">16:29:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> makes sense to me, then
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">16:29:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">16:29:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> doesn't the board sometimes like to discuss more in *private*?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">16:29:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> sounds like they do too many board meetings
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">16:29:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> actually, no, not really
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">16:29:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> We speak about the public part of the board meeting
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">16:29:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> we still have our super secret (sauce) mailing-list :P
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">16:29:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> sure, I was hoping that
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">16:30:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> you think he believed me ? was that good enough ?
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">16:30:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> well, what would be example topics of the "public part of the board meeting"?
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">16:30:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> status of ongoing tasks
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">16:30:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> as long as no one says tahiti we're okay
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">16:30:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> foundation, most prominently
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">16:30:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> shhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">16:31:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> Join the board meeting later today and find out how boring it is ;)
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">16:31:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> well, yes ,that could certainly to the project meeting as well
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">16:31:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> yeah
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">16:31:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> makes sense
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">16:31:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> let's do that
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">16:31:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> I actually do not seek out for boring stuff in life ;-)
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">16:31:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> like i said. we talk about the foundation, try to solve one pratical problem and then sometimes have random topics
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">16:31:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> last time it was for instance the election comittee
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">16:32:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> sorry, when we have board meeting?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">16:32:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> Btw. agenda is here http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Board_meeting
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">16:32:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> AJaeger, thx :)
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">16:32:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anaumov:</span> 18:00 UTC - see news.opensuse.org calendar
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">16:33:09 </span><span class="nka">* yaloki</span> <span class="ac">can't attend, at a conference :\</span>
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">16:33:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> fwiw, I never attended a board meeting, probably because I never think about it. So merging kind of makes sense to me.
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">16:33:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay i don't hear any disagreement for now
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">16:33:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> btw. the event calendar display at news.o.o is broken, see http://news.opensuse.org/2010/03/24/opensuse-board-meeting/
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">16:34:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> How will it work timewise? Will the whole board be able to attend bot hthe 12:00 and the 16:00 slots?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">16:34:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> use the calendar for dates and such?
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">16:34:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Hi folks!
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">16:34:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> let's talk tomorrow about that - theres a bug
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">16:34:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> thats something we want to figure out with the new board members
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">16:35:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> as you might know we have a election coming up :)
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">16:35:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> of course there is also the idea to cancel the 12:00 meeting
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">16:35:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  since I just logged in, can someone summarize the topic matter?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">16:36:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Im asking about opinions about the board/project meeting merger
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">16:36:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ahh yes
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">16:36:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> has a case been stated for why?  If not, I'll be glad to state it since I brought it up at the last board meeting.
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">16:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> it has
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">16:36:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">16:37:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay i take this as a general agreement that we should try this :)
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">16:37:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> next topic?
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">16:37:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> yes, give it a try!
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">16:37:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Muito Bem!
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">16:38:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Questions &amp; Answers</span>
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">16:38:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">there are no questions on the wiki</span>
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">16:38:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> any other general topics we need to discuss here?
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">16:38:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> what's the status of the openSUSE Foundation?
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">16:39:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Does everyone know that they are welcome (and encouraged!) to volunteer to join the Election officials committee today?
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">16:39:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> we're you present at the conference?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">16:40:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> AFAIK next step is talking with a lawyer, Alan is currently writing up some proposals and questions
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">16:40:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> nope
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">16:40:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> we should prolly put the slides up somewhere
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">16:40:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> just quickly asking here (putting in the Q&amp;A queue): anybody interested in helping me organize bug days?
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">16:40:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> Upload to the conference side as every speaker should ;)
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">16:40:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> aha
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">16:40:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> no instructions were given
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">16:40:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> :P)
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">16:41:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Make it an AI for the conference team to give instructions to the speakers...
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">16:41:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> okay we (board) are currently working on bylaws
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">16:41:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">16:42:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> we aim for a non profit e.V. in germany
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">16:42:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> vuntz, what's bug days?
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">16:42:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Dominian,  another way to put it is.. however slowly its been moving, it is at least moving forward now  :-)
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">16:42:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> aye
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">16:42:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> sounds good
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">16:42:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> actually our talk isn't even in the list, as it seems
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">16:42:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anaumov:</span> that's a day where a bunch of people team up to triage bugs in bugzilla
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">16:42:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the bylaws are online at http://piratepad.net/openSUSE-Bylaws
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">16:43:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> it was a BoF
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">16:43:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">16:43:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anaumov:</span> the first one would be about closing bugs in old versions of the distro (as discussed on the mailing list)
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">16:43:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> so nowhere to upload then
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">16:43:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> that's bad ;-(
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">16:43:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> hm
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">16:43:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes it is
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">16:43:58 </span><span class="nka">* yaloki</span> <span class="ac">bbl</span>
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">16:43:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> vuntz, sound interesting, I can help
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">16:44:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> can we transfer the BoF programm from the wiki to the tool?
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">16:44:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> how often does the board look at new opensuse members?
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">16:44:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> or create one page called BoFs in the wiki?
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">16:44:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> what?
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">16:44:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> That's handled by a special team - themembership team
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">16:44:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> what is "the tool" ?
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">16:44:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> the BoF sessions back into indico
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">16:44:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> odd
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">16:44:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> boah
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">16:44:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> indigo
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">16:45:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> Wasn't that email used to 'poke' them board@opensuse.org?
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">16:45:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> which is why I asked
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">16:45:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> crap bbiab..
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">16:45:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">16:45:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> so we have one place with materials
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">16:45:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> we need a page in the wiki with all the materials
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">16:45:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> because we want to kill indico
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">16:45:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> no it isnt. no need to poke anyone. just wait :)
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">16:45:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> at some point in time
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">16:45:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> if one asked me
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">16:45:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> not poking anyone, was curious is all.
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">16:45:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> But people already uploaded stuff in indigo  ;-(
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">16:45:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> to reduce the tool zoo
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">16:45:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> u want to kill indico?
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">16:46:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> So, you should extract the content first ;)
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">16:46:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anaumov:</span> (let's wait for this topic to be the current one)
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">16:46:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> yes, transfer the content to the wiki
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">16:46:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> and than kill indico
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">16:46:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> whats wrong with killing it?
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">16:46:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay thats an AI for whom then?
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">16:47:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> don't we want to use it for the next event?
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">16:47:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> nothing, do we get a better tool then?
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">16:47:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> next event, next chance
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">16:47:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> no prob to reveal it than, if we do not have something better
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">16:47:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> everything is an image, you know?
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">16:48:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay but we keep on with producing work
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">16:48:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this time the work of moving the content
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">16:48:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> it would be nice if we could stick to a place...
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">16:48:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> my main worry is that we produced many links that go to indico, so we're breaking various pages by killing it
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">16:48:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> myeah
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">16:48:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> also, we don't have the content to have it. we have it so people can use it
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">16:49:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> well, right now no one finds the content in the first place ;)
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">16:49:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> yes, I would have loved to hear your voice when the BOF stuff was moved OUT of indico instead of fixing it
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">16:49:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> whats done is done
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">16:49:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> yes, but I am beleidigt now
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">16:49:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and there is no content per se anyway, no slides, no videos, just talk descriptions
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">16:49:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> then heul rum
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">16:49:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">16:49:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> ok, if you all want, we can leave indico
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">16:49:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> there are slides and stuff. people uploaded it
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">16:50:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I have no personal interest
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">16:50:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> aha
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">16:50:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> how much "work" is it to keep it up?
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">16:50:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> We all want the presentations uploaded and accessible. Could you find a solution for that, please?
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">16:50:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and can you transfer the BoF schedule back into it so we have one place?
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">16:50:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> well, its work as all running softwware is work
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">16:50:55 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">does not carewhere it is as long as it can be found</span>
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">16:50:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> yaloki, http://conference.opensuse.org/indico//conferenceDisplay.py?ovw=True&amp;confId=0    ---&gt; presentation
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">16:51:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> so what are you saying? that you can't do it?
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">16:51:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> or won't
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">16:51:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> of course I can
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">16:51:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> please be a bit more specific :)
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">16:52:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> uh
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">16:52:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> if I want to maintain it?
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">16:52:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> can  do
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">16:52:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> if I want to fiddle around with content ?
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">16:52:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> not really
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">16:52:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">16:52:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> there we go :)
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">16:52:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> there need to be other volunteers
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">16:52:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I was always against moving the BOFs out
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">16:52:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so any volunteer to transfer the BoF sessions into indico again?
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">16:53:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> ... just to say that again ;_)
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">16:53:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> dragotin will show you how
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">16:53:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> and just in case you don't know me: I look like George and I am nice
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">16:53:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> !seen bmwiedemann
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">16:53:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SUSEhelp&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> bmwiedemann said "make sure, you have hardware-virt" in #opensuse-factory at Wed Nov 17 16:38:01 GMT 2010.
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">16:53:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> no one?
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">16:54:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> c'mon people
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">16:54:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> thats a vote on me
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">16:54:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yepp
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">16:54:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> can you write instructions to opensuse-project?
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">16:55:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">16:55:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> that does not make sense
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">16:55:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> what about you?
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">16:55:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">henne ask on opensuse-project for volunteers to transfer the BoF content to indico</span>
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">16:55:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> lets leave it with that
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">16:55:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I think btw its useless work
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">16:56:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> lets live with having the BOF stuff in the wiki  for this year
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">16:56:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> whats with me?
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">16:56:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> and do it better next year
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">16:56:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I mean, honestly, how many people care?
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">16:56:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> you don't know
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">16:57:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> Is there considerable material from the BOF sessions?
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">16:57:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but it sounds like a useful task to me. also in the light of next year
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">16:57:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes. a lot of people held talks and have slides
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">16:57:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> maybe we can "convince" our trainee ;-)
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">16:57:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> lets see
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">16:57:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and lets move on
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">16:58:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i have an AI for now
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">16:58:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">16:58:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> next topic was helping vuntzi to organize bugdays
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">16:58:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> whats that about?
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">16:59:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> that's my way to move forward after the discussion about "zombie" bugs on opensuse-project
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">17:00:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I don't think we should automatically close bugs, but as AJaeger pointed out, we need a team to fix the solution
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">17:00:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> bug days is a good way to get people involved in this
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">17:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> during a full day, people come on irc and help each other triage bugs
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">17:00:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> I would consider doing an automatic close one to help us get sooner in a good state
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">17:01:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> we just need 2-3 people to organize this (have instructions, provide link to lists of bugs, and be able to answer to questions)
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">17:01:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> right, but based on the GNOME bugs, I know it'd be wrong :-)
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">17:01:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> vuntz, oh, my english suck, sorry :/
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">17:01:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> and my main point is that it's really an easy task to get involved
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">17:02:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anaumov:</span> there might be some friendly templates for you to use ;)
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">17:02:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I know many people who started contributing to GNOME this way, and stayed to do much more things
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">17:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> AJaeger, :)
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">17:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so I think it's worth a try
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">17:02:33 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">now knows vuntz' secret plan ;)</span>
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">17:02:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> vuntz, I will try
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">17:02:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;_Marcus_&gt;</span> that explains the high nr of biugds assigned to bnc-team-gnome
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">17:03:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> vuntz, but I want help for KDE part
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">17:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anaumov:</span> I'm sure we can get help :-)
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">17:03:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">_Marcus_:</span> yeah, bnc-team-gnome is a mess for various reasons :/
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">17:04:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;_Marcus_&gt;</span> 804 open bugs against opensuse 10.2-11.3
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">17:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;_Marcus_&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">17:04:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> _Marcus_, he means zombie bugs only
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">17:04:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we don't talk about bnc-team-gnome now right?
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">17:04:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;_Marcus_&gt;</span> 11.1 alsop goes zombie in 1 month btw. ;)
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">17:04:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so no need to be snappy...
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">17:04:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> will you get down to &lt;100 in a day ;)
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">17:05:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay so does anyone want to help vuntz?
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">17:05:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 2-3 people means we need two volunteers
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">17:05:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> me
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">17:06:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> leaves one
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">17:06:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> myself
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">17:06:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> and I
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">17:06:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">17:06:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> does that count as 3? ;-)
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">17:06:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I'll work with anaumov; two people should be enough for a first bug day
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">17:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">17:07:34 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">claps for a fantastic 3 person team ;)</span>
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">17:07:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so any other topic to discuss?
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">17:08:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> just one note:
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">17:08:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> speaking about teams and backlog:
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">17:08:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> the openFATE screening team is (re)forming - and we have a large backlog
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">17:08:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I blogged about it - people to join the team are welcome!
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">17:08:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> AJaeger, I have new Russian license version, also... we nead update for next milestone
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">17:09:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anaumov:</span> send via email
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">17:09:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anaumov&gt;</span> AJaeger, ok
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">17:09:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> no other topic?
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">17:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> any questions on openfate?
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">17:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> tell us about the board meeting again
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">17:10:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> no question but you might want to ask people directly :)
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">17:11:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> instead of indirectly in a blog
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">17:11:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> what to tell about it?
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">17:11:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> already asked some but if you have some more names, tell me ;)
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">17:12:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> When it is and what the agenda is - perhaps dragotin will show up ,9
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">17:12:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I meant ;)
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">17:12:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the board meeting is in roughly 2 hours in this channel. topics are
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">17:12:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 1. openSUSE Foundation
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">17:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 2. Where do we fail?
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">17:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 3. The election comittee
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">17:13:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and questions &amp; answers
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">17:13:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so be there...
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">17:13:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anything else we need to discuss in this meeting?
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">17:13:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Okay that's it then. If you have more, don't hesitate to bring it up on the appropriate mailinglist.
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">17:13:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The next project meeting will be in two weeks. Same channel but this time at 12:00 UTC.</span>
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">17:13:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The next project meeting will be in two weeks. Same channel but this time at 12:00 UTC.</span>
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">17:14:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> oergs
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">17:14:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#undo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">17:14:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Removing item from minutes: &lt;MeetBot.items.Info object at 0x169e990&gt;
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">17:14:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Thank you all for participating. Good night and good luck!
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">17:14:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
