15:16:11 <henne> #startmeeting
15:16:11 <bugbot> Meeting started Tue Dec 14 15:16:11 2010 UTC.  The chair is henne. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
15:16:11 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
15:16:27 <henne> #chair jospoortvliet izabelvalverde wstephenson digitltom
15:16:27 <bugbot> Current chairs: digitltom henne izabelvalverde jospoortvliet wstephenson
15:16:35 <jospoortvliet> yay
15:16:41 <henne> #meetingtopic news team kick off
15:17:06 <henne> here we go :)
15:17:27 <henne> the agenda for this meeting is:
15:17:29 <henne> 1. Get to know each other with a short intro from everybody
15:17:30 <henne> 2. What do we want to do? Writing, Editing, Scheduling and possibly more?
15:17:33 <henne> 3. Technical Details for Wordpress as group blog. Like post headers, Users and their roles, plugins and what to do if you encounter a bug.
15:18:04 <henne> any additions?
15:18:25 <wstephenson> not frome me
15:18:29 <jospoortvliet> not from me either
15:18:31 <izabelvalverde> not for me
15:18:37 * wstephenson is typing myddle Englishe today :)
15:18:45 <gnokii> henne: maybe later on Q&A section
15:18:56 <henne> maybe ;)
15:19:11 <henne> okay lets go then
15:19:21 <henne> #topic Get to know each other
15:19:42 * henne is henne
15:19:57 <henne> booster, board member, flea circus tamer :)
15:20:04 * gnokii henne is mother of openSUSE
15:20:12 <Twilo> hello, where can i find an opensuse 10.2 i386 dvd image?
15:20:16 <henne> ive got involved with news.o.o after Beineri left
15:20:33 <gnokii> Twilo plz go to #suse
15:20:44 <henne> and slipped from administering it to writing articles
15:21:01 <stpierrc> Hi, I have just install opensuse 11.3, I would prefer to have grub2 inplace of grub legacy. When I installed grub2 it was added to the grub legacy menu, but the osprober command seems to be missing. Has anyone installed grub2 on opensuse successfully?
15:21:13 <henne> !support @ stpierrc
15:21:15 <Twilo> gnokii: ok
15:21:21 <henne> we're in the middle of a meeting
15:21:23 <jospoortvliet> stpierrc: pls ask on #suse sorry we have a meeting here
15:21:35 * wstephenson is Bille
15:21:37 <jospoortvliet> henne u done or do we want to know more about you
15:21:42 <jospoortvliet> ?
15:21:47 <henne> so by now I'm doing everything on news.o.o including the redesign with robert etc.
15:21:47 <izabelvalverde> more?
15:21:49 <izabelvalverde> :D
15:21:57 <henne> thats it :)
15:21:57 <stpierrc> Ok thank you sorry to interfere with the meeting.
15:21:58 * wstephenson is henne's favourite tommy
15:22:17 * jospoortvliet volunteers izabelvalverde to be next
15:22:23 <izabelvalverde> :P
15:22:24 <izabelvalverde> ok
15:22:40 <izabelvalverde> I'm part of opensUSE team since last July
15:22:50 <izabelvalverde> I'm GNOME member since 2003
15:23:05 <izabelvalverde> before SUSE addicted now openSUSE
15:23:40 <izabelvalverde> MY major is in IT but in FOSS community I used to work in brazilian marketing
15:24:17 <izabelvalverde> any doubts? :)
15:24:29 <jospoortvliet> hehe I wouldn't dream of doubting you
15:24:35 <jospoortvliet> so tell us what you've been doing for openSUSE...
15:24:41 <jospoortvliet> and GNOME before that
15:25:15 <izabelvalverde> for GNOME I was responsable to organize Forum in Brazil
15:25:30 <izabelvalverde> I've co-organized in 2004
15:25:58 <izabelvalverde> responsable for it in 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009
15:26:18 <jospoortvliet> how big is it?
15:26:35 * jospoortvliet is curious, sorry
15:26:49 <izabelvalverde> Attended and speaker in conferences in Brazil and twice in Guadec
15:26:54 <izabelvalverde> about numbers
15:27:13 <izabelvalverde> to save money I always chose tho be host by another bigger event
15:27:37 <izabelvalverde> so I just can consider the number of people attending our GNOME rooms
15:27:55 <izabelvalverde> so would be around 200-400 per event
15:28:00 <henne> cool
15:28:30 <henne> next?
15:28:50 <gnokii> u mean next person?
15:29:14 <jospoortvliet> ok let me go then
15:29:37 <jospoortvliet> ex KDE marketing dude, part of KDE Dot editor team and longtime writer for dot and other places
15:29:42 <gnokii> ex?
15:29:50 <jospoortvliet> well not really involved anymore
15:29:52 <jospoortvliet> no time...
15:29:59 <jospoortvliet> now openSUSE com mgr and involved with marketing
15:30:02 <jospoortvliet> as much as I can :D
15:30:30 <jospoortvliet> and interested in turning news.o.o into a good source of news like dot is - get sites like LWN to link to it almost by default etc
15:30:43 <jospoortvliet> it's our public face after all
15:31:17 <jospoortvliet> that's it
15:31:23 <jospoortvliet> unless there are questions :D
15:31:30 <CarlosRibeiro> jospoortvliet: and about Ambassadors?
15:31:34 <CarlosRibeiro> some words?
15:31:46 <jospoortvliet> well like with marketing - try to be involved and help with things
15:31:56 <jospoortvliet> close relationship between the two after all :D
15:32:02 <jospoortvliet> and the ambassadors rock :P
15:32:10 * jospoortvliet nominates wstephenson to be next
15:32:38 * wstephenson grabs the stick and runs away
15:32:51 * jospoortvliet sends digitltom to kick him down
15:33:02 * gnokii plays scotland the brave for wstephenson
15:33:24 <wstephenson> booster, general kde dogsbody at suse and guardian of the english tongue
15:33:45 <wstephenson> i've done a few things for kde over the years
15:34:08 <wstephenson> in the news arena, mostly proofreading, that turned into writing release announcements
15:34:32 <wstephenson> i started writing opensuse annoucements because i couldn't stand mangled language any more
15:34:54 <wstephenson> have been involved in organising akademy/GCDS and dev sprints
15:34:55 <henne> eheh
15:35:31 <wstephenson> i want to get us looking good and have a good relationship between our marketing and our engineering
15:35:46 <wstephenson> just in case our news ppl decide they want to decide the direction of the project again
15:35:59 <jospoortvliet> well don't we look good on average? Mostly due to pretty boys like henne of course but still... ;-)
15:36:11 <wstephenson> in the flesh yes, not really on paper
15:36:23 <jospoortvliet> oh.... ;-)
15:37:08 <wstephenson> i'm done
15:37:17 <gnokii> mmh me then?
15:37:35 <henne> gnokii?
15:37:39 <jospoortvliet> gnokii:  you  writer on news team?
15:38:19 <gnokii> jospoortvliet: AJ asked me that often and I ever rejected because I feeled not to good with english grammar but over last weeks I made a decision
15:38:29 <jospoortvliet> ok
15:38:32 <jospoortvliet> join ML ;-)
15:38:33 <jospoortvliet> and talk
15:38:48 <gnokii> ok, say who I am and what I have in mind
15:39:17 <henne> yes
15:40:06 <gnokii> ok, as I said my english sucks but I worked as journalist before my media was more radio, some know that. I worked 4 years for radio tux as master of the schedule
15:41:07 <gnokii> I learned that job long time ago and teh german government paid for it :D Since then I published a lot of postings in mostly german speaking platforms
15:42:35 <henne> cool
15:42:50 <gnokii> most of u know, that what I really like to do is artwork, but most know also I think really about a thing before I do it and then I do it really. and what I would like to do for news is make people of openSUSE happen again, so far as I know plans CarlosRibeiro such a thing for the ambassadors and I would like to do it with him together
15:43:40 <gnokii> so I would try with him to do 2 interviews in a months via skype, and make them ready for publishing, that allows my time so far as I calculated
15:44:16 <jospoortvliet> cool
15:44:28 <jospoortvliet> know that for WRITING articles you don't have to be a news editor
15:44:32 <jospoortvliet> that's for mostly editing :D
15:44:48 <gnokii> I know, its easier for me to hear and write down what they said ;)
15:45:05 <jospoortvliet> ?
15:45:18 <jospoortvliet> was that response to me?
15:45:24 <gnokii> yeah
15:45:36 <izabelvalverde> guys sorry I reserved 1 hour for this meeting
15:45:47 <izabelvalverde> can we move forward?
15:45:53 <henne> yes please
15:46:18 <henne> lets figure out what we want to do
15:46:22 <henne> #topic What do we want to do? Writing, Editing, Scheduling and possibly
15:46:27 <henne> #undo
15:46:27 <bugbot> Removing item from minutes: <MeetBot.items.Topic object at 0x1343d50>
15:46:29 <henne> #topic What do we want to do? Writing, Editing, Scheduling and possibly more?
15:46:47 <henne> do we really want to make writing so seperate?
15:47:13 <jospoortvliet> digitltom: no chance for you to introduce yourself?!?
15:47:24 <wstephenson> still afk
15:47:30 <jospoortvliet> k
15:47:36 <jospoortvliet> henne: well yes and no
15:47:41 <henne> jospoortvliet: he said he just wants to help with technical problems ...
15:47:44 <jospoortvliet> writing - anyone can and should be able to send in articles
15:47:52 <jospoortvliet> of course we want to help with getting articles out
15:48:01 <henne> yes sure
15:48:03 <jospoortvliet> and editing ranges from just fixing a few spelling mistakes to almost co-writing too
15:48:28 <jospoortvliet> but if the team of 5-6 has to write majority of articles; or if anyone who writes an article would have to be part of team - both don't work
15:48:39 <izabelvalverde> I can help editing
15:48:47 <jospoortvliet> so main goal is editing (quality) then pulling in articles (quantity)
15:48:49 <izabelvalverde> I'm not good writer
15:48:51 <jospoortvliet> that would be my idea
15:48:57 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: not big issue ;-)
15:49:02 <jospoortvliet> you'll learn
15:49:04 <jospoortvliet> ...
15:49:10 <izabelvalverde> I hope ;D
15:49:14 <jospoortvliet> don't worry
15:49:24 <henne> does everybody agree?
15:49:33 <gnokii> henne yes and no
15:49:40 <henne> this would mean pure writers are not part of the news team
15:49:53 <wstephenson> do we have a pool of pure writers?
15:50:09 <gnokii> wstephenson: we have ppl the write very good like helen_au
15:50:18 <henne> we have some
15:50:23 <wstephenson> but does she want to write news or other mkting stuff?
15:50:31 <jospoortvliet> wstephenson: in my opinion writers fit in just right in marketing team
15:50:49 <jospoortvliet> of course if good, regular writers become part of news team that's good
15:50:59 <jospoortvliet> there is much overlap
15:51:11 <jospoortvliet> but it depends much on if someone wants to do it etc ;-)
15:51:26 <jospoortvliet> wstephenson: so that's the question
15:51:39 <jospoortvliet> news.o.o has both articles and news items, different things
15:51:57 <jospoortvliet> often news editors do news items, articles come (hopefully) more from outside
15:51:58 <jospoortvliet> I guess
15:52:05 <jospoortvliet> still, I don't want to make any rules there
15:52:06 <henne> whats the difference between an article and a news item?
15:52:08 <jospoortvliet> we do what needs to be done
15:52:19 <jospoortvliet> henne: news item I meant like announcement and such
15:52:29 <jospoortvliet> srry for confusion :D
15:52:40 <izabelvalverde> I thought news would be the central point for everything about openSUSE
15:52:48 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: yup they all belong on news
15:53:02 <jospoortvliet> well not blogs or tweets ;-)
15:53:11 <jospoortvliet> announcements, articles and anything in between...
15:53:15 <izabelvalverde> projects, marketing and so on
15:53:28 <jospoortvliet> true
15:54:01 <jospoortvliet> so they can all provide content... news editors edit and schedule. Try to get articles from ppl and often get a mail like "hey there is a new version of XXX with these and these features can you write announcement"
15:54:04 <wstephenson> izabelvalverde: for that to work we'd need contact ppl in each team
15:54:43 <izabelvalverde> wstephenson I agree and I believe we can do it
15:54:55 <izabelvalverde> lot of work but a good work
15:55:13 <izabelvalverde> besides will show everyone they are in fact part of opensUSE ;)
15:55:18 <henne> contact people in all teams?
15:55:59 <izabelvalverde> henne how many teams do we have?
15:56:06 <henne> a lot
15:56:13 <izabelvalverde> give me a better perspective
15:56:18 <jospoortvliet> henne: we can announce that if ppl have news and announcements they should contact news team, we can help write. We could also pro-actively, if something seems up in a team, contact the team
15:56:32 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: 20-30 approx?
15:56:42 <izabelvalverde> thanks
15:56:49 <henne> i don't think that we can avoid the work by appointing people
15:57:06 <henne> i would like the news.o.o team to be a real editoral office of the opensuse projectr
15:57:19 <jospoortvliet> henne: don't need to appoint ppl, I usually mail ML and a few ppl in each team individually, works reasonably well
15:57:21 <henne> which means we would actively seek for stories
15:57:22 <jospoortvliet> henne: agreed
15:57:24 <wstephenson> but teams need stimulating to know they can send news items
15:57:30 <wstephenson> or else they just do their thing
15:57:34 <henne> sure
15:57:57 <jospoortvliet> yes many teams/ppl ahve a tendency to blog news.o.o worty things or even just mail it to their ML
15:58:00 <jospoortvliet> or -project
15:58:03 <jospoortvliet> we need to pick that up
15:58:09 <henne> but thats a matter of being accessible and not about appointing contact persons...
15:58:10 <jospoortvliet> tell them to try and send it to us (too) next time
15:58:15 <henne> yes
15:58:35 <henne> this is work we need to do. we need to seek stuff instead of waiting for people to come to us
15:58:46 <henne> at least thats what i think is missing currently
15:59:10 <saigkill_> sorry for being late...
15:59:17 <jospoortvliet> saigkill_: welcome :D
15:59:23 <jospoortvliet> better late than never
15:59:24 <saigkill_> thanks :-)
15:59:25 <CarlosRibeiro> could I give some cents about this topic
15:59:31 <izabelvalverde> I can help getting in touch with teams
15:59:40 <jospoortvliet> henne: agreed. so how about we write an announcement/encouragement for -project and ask /tell ppl
15:59:52 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: how would you do that? (just wondering)
15:59:58 <henne> sure. thats a todo then
15:59:58 <jospoortvliet> CarlosRibeiro: talk, don't ask if you can talk :D
16:00:01 <CarlosRibeiro> so I believe we need to have a kind of reference, for example, we have about 30 teamns
16:00:15 <CarlosRibeiro> one of this team is Ambassadors
16:00:33 <CarlosRibeiro> but I don't like to be responsible to wirite on news about ambassadors
16:00:50 <izabelvalverde> I'll need a map about the teams and after make as an agenda to get in touch with them once a week or every 15 days
16:01:16 <CarlosRibeiro> but if I send to all ambassadors a reference for news, like, Hey all ambassadors from now we have Izabel as our reference for articles on news
16:01:22 <izabelvalverde> having news we can set up a way to interview/write about it
16:01:33 <CarlosRibeiro> so everyweek each ambassador that wishes to publish something
16:01:41 <CarlosRibeiro> contact izabel to make this happen
16:02:33 <jospoortvliet> CarlosRibeiro: they can contact news@opensuse.org
16:02:34 <henne> izabelvalverde: http://en.opensuse.org/Portal:Teams
16:02:38 <izabelvalverde> jospoortvliet what about it... too waya?
16:02:40 <jospoortvliet> no need for a person, that's why we have teams
16:02:44 <CarlosRibeiro> same for OBS, Studio, .... if we have some reference for some teams, maybe our missions to keep in touch with the all treams could be easier
16:02:44 <jospoortvliet> ;-)
16:02:53 <izabelvalverde> thanks henne
16:03:26 <jospoortvliet> btw
16:03:35 <jospoortvliet> at some point, CarlosRibeiro, henne we discussed this: agreed. so how about we write an announcement/encouragement for -project
16:03:39 <jospoortvliet> whoops wrong paste
16:03:48 <jospoortvliet> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Marketing_liaison
16:04:23 <amonthoth> sorry, i am late and confused hour and channel
16:04:26 <jospoortvliet> the idea was to have a marketing/promo person interested in a certain topic join the team and help that team write
16:04:39 <henne> yeah look where it got ;)
16:04:45 <jospoortvliet> henne: yeah, I know
16:04:54 <henne> in my experience this type of thing never works...
16:04:55 <jospoortvliet> so we can put that for long term, it's something possible but hard to find ppl for
16:05:10 <gnokii> henne if u mean liason +1
16:05:13 <jospoortvliet> happened a few times in KDE promo team, some ppl kept it up for a while but it ain't a long term thing imho
16:05:30 <jospoortvliet> ok so the team does this, if ppl have news the contact news@opensuse.org
16:05:37 <henne> yes
16:05:38 <jospoortvliet> sounds like the best way
16:05:52 <gnokii> can I make a proposal for a solution?
16:05:59 <henne> sure
16:06:49 <gnokii> as there was here the ambassadors in the talk, we made already for them that they publish a report after events, we always searched for a way how to publish it
16:07:26 <henne> event reports are definately things that belong to news.o.o imho
16:07:27 <gnokii> not for every event, it makes sense but put them montly together and publish all what they have done and the upcoming dates would be the best thing todo
16:07:58 <jospoortvliet> monthly is long but yeah it makes sense
16:08:15 <jospoortvliet> someone once picked it up but I couldn't push it consistently
16:08:23 <jospoortvliet> also there is overlap in a sense with the OWN it's in there too
16:08:25 <gnokii> jospoortvliet: u can be lucky when u have montly something to write ;)
16:08:25 <jospoortvliet> so I support this
16:08:32 <jospoortvliet> and think we can find someone to help us do it
16:08:37 <jospoortvliet> gnokii: don't be cynical
16:08:45 <jospoortvliet> we have 3-5 articles a week right now
16:08:49 <gnokii> jospoortvliet: I am realistic
16:08:56 <jospoortvliet> gnokii: it isn't
16:08:58 <jospoortvliet> plenty of news
16:09:12 <jospoortvliet> eg I could ask who wants to write about Tumbleweed and openSUSE LTS on news.o.o
16:09:17 <jospoortvliet> and I'll find someone I promise you that
16:09:19 <izabelvalverde> we just need to collect and organize them
16:09:22 <jospoortvliet> even if that someone would have to be me :D
16:09:24 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: exactly
16:09:29 <jospoortvliet> and make an article out of it
16:09:35 <jospoortvliet> I did it once with someone
16:09:38 <gnokii> jospoortvliet: LTS is called evergreen
16:09:45 <henne> okay i would like to throw in another question
16:10:00 <henne> do we also want to be responsible for the other news outlets we have?
16:10:01 <jospoortvliet> gnokii: now that is a very insightful comment (not)
16:10:01 <CarlosRibeiro> gnokii:  I like this idea, and I think is not so difficult to do for Ambassadors program
16:10:18 <henne> i'm talking about the social network stuff and the announce mailinglist/forum
16:10:19 <jospoortvliet> henne: like planet and so on?
16:10:29 <jospoortvliet> henne: announcements yes, social network stuff no
16:10:38 <jospoortvliet> marketing does social networking. of course connect to news.o.o
16:10:42 <henne> i think so too
16:10:53 <jospoortvliet> announcements - yes, news.o.o team should know about announcements in advance so it makes sense
16:10:56 <henne> but the other two i would like tio seize
16:11:10 <gnokii> henne is there a way to overview th ml traffic a thread without subscribe them all?
16:11:32 <henne> i dont understand. try in german
16:12:10 <gnokii> ist da eine Möglichkeit zu sehen, welche Mailingliste für welchen Thread viel Traffic hat ohne, dass man sie alle abonnieren muss eine Art Zusammenfassung
16:12:12 <jospoortvliet> btw FYI - earlier ambassador article http://news.opensuse.org/2010/09/29/opensuse-ambassadors-rocking-around-the-world/
16:12:44 <jospoortvliet> that could be a monthly or (as this was just one week) weekly thing
16:13:01 <gnokii> jos weekly is really hard believe me
16:13:29 <jospoortvliet> gnokii: montly just so, it's long...
16:13:33 <jospoortvliet> much content
16:13:36 <henne> gnokii: nope
16:13:36 <jospoortvliet> but yeah
16:13:50 <jospoortvliet> depends if Isaac Amaru Zelaya Orellana wants to help out
16:13:52 <jospoortvliet> I can ask him
16:13:56 <henne> gnokii: there is no such feature on the ml's
16:13:56 <jospoortvliet> he might
16:14:02 <gnokii> henne: and all others why I ask that is the following
16:14:39 <gnokii> the threads who make the traffic like the discussion on LTS and tumbleweed, that are the things they are interests the ppl
16:15:08 <henne> yeah but i don't need to have some machine tell me that this is importanz
16:15:15 <gnokii> no one outside heard about the things outside when they dont participate on ml or read the planet because there was some stories about that
16:15:18 <henne> i know it is because i read all the lists :)
16:15:32 <gnokii> all?
16:15:33 <wstephenson> gnokii: agreed
16:15:38 <henne> gnokii: exactly this is the job of this team
16:15:40 <jospoortvliet> yes so that's why we need to write about that
16:15:41 <henne> i think
16:15:48 <jospoortvliet> and yes, as henne said, we need to be pro-active in this
16:15:52 <gnokii> ok, then we have the same opinion on that
16:16:03 <henne> i think so too yes
16:16:05 <jospoortvliet> go after this and find someone to write or do it in our team
16:16:57 <gnokii> right jospoortvliet thats it and thats it how it worksm schedule editor meetings, selecting the intersting stuff and get it done
16:16:58 <henne> okay
16:17:01 <henne> next topic then?
16:17:25 <henne> i think we agree by now what we want to do :)
16:17:46 <izabelvalverde> we just didn't talk about wich part
16:18:01 <izabelvalverde> so for now everybody will do all? :D
16:18:16 <henne> everybody will do what he can do right?
16:18:38 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: let me try and find someone to write about Tumbleweed and Evergreen. If nobody steps up I will. Maybe helen is interested.
16:18:50 <jospoortvliet> already made a post in drafts of news.o.o :D
16:18:54 <henne> lets figure out responsibilities on the way
16:19:03 <henne> imho
16:19:03 <izabelvalverde> ok
16:19:28 <henne> izabelvalverde: or do you think it works better if everybody knows what he/she i supposed to do? :)
16:19:45 <gnokii> jospoortvliet: plz go not to helen with it let her do what she  have begun
16:20:04 <jospoortvliet> gnokii:  don't worry I am helping her with things already
16:20:16 <izabelvalverde> henne I believe in dogs with much owners get thirsty
16:20:16 <gnokii> I saw but yesterday she was angry!
16:20:24 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: btw if you want you can also write this article with me
16:20:26 <jospoortvliet> how about that?
16:20:42 <jospoortvliet> go to news.o.o I already pasted some things to get started for us :D
16:20:43 <izabelvalverde> works perfect to me
16:20:50 <izabelvalverde> ok
16:20:59 <jospoortvliet> once we finish this we can get this promoted, it might be picked up by LWN and other sites if we are fast enough
16:21:04 <jospoortvliet> ok finish this before end of week
16:21:25 <izabelvalverde> ok
16:21:37 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: you try and do something, then ping me to take over, deal? Then I give it back to you etc etc
16:21:45 <jospoortvliet> (can't work in wordpress at the same time)
16:21:45 <izabelvalverde> might be a good way for me to know how about the steps
16:21:49 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: yup
16:21:50 <jospoortvliet> cool
16:21:52 <jospoortvliet> so one TODO
16:22:00 <jospoortvliet> now maybe next agenda item or do we have more on this?
16:23:03 <henne> well
16:23:18 <henne> do we want to split responsibilities now or not? :)
16:23:52 <jospoortvliet> I don't think it's needed much but if others disagree I obviously will follow...
16:24:32 <izabelvalverde> I'm new at team so I'll agree with you guys
16:24:35 <gnokii> henne u only to have sure for some of us that htere is someone like will how read what we have written
16:24:36 <izabelvalverde> just for now :D
16:25:14 <henne> well everybody is new in the team
16:25:23 <henne> this is a new team remember? ;)
16:25:26 <jospoortvliet> indeed :D
16:25:42 <jospoortvliet> of course everyone will take on responsibility on a case to case basis
16:25:50 <jospoortvliet> eg if you put an article online, you should make sure it gets published
16:25:55 <henne> okay then next topic
16:26:03 <henne> #topic Technical Details for Wordpress as group blog
16:26:04 * jospoortvliet blushes thinking about the article about openSUSE Edu which is still unpublished
16:27:00 <henne> so the last topic was about the what
16:27:03 <henne> this is about the how
16:27:13 <jospoortvliet> log in all to news.o.o!!!
16:28:48 <jospoortvliet> go to posts
16:28:51 <jospoortvliet> then drafts
16:28:59 <jospoortvliet> that's where we'll spend lots of time :D
16:29:00 <henne> okay i think the only thing we have agreed upon are the post headers
16:29:14 <henne> so we keep meta information about the post on top of it
16:29:16 <izabelvalverde> done
16:29:21 <jospoortvliet> and don't talk publicly here about some of the announcements there :D
16:29:35 <jospoortvliet> ;-)
16:29:41 <izabelvalverde> I've been trying to change the word announcement size :D
16:30:35 <henne> i have installed a plugin for public previews
16:30:52 <henne> you have to check the box below the editor
16:30:55 <jospoortvliet> nice henne very good!
16:31:01 <jospoortvliet> ok so all open first post
16:31:05 <henne> and then people without a news.o.o login can preview the post
16:31:12 <jospoortvliet> you will see henne is editing it so you can't change things
16:31:25 <jospoortvliet> this post misses the header of when to be published and what the todo is
16:31:37 <izabelvalverde> who's supposed to aprove the comments?
16:31:55 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: usually they get auto-approved I think, henne you know more?
16:32:00 <javier> that reminds me of kde.news
16:32:02 <henne> yes
16:32:07 <jospoortvliet> javier: :D
16:32:11 <henne> comments get auto approved
16:32:12 <javier> ;)
16:32:18 <henne> if they are not spam
16:32:55 <jospoortvliet> ok
16:33:00 <jospoortvliet> so we all in the post?
16:33:04 <gnokii> henne track/pingbacks?
16:33:10 <jospoortvliet> a few important things
16:33:19 <izabelvalverde> yep
16:33:26 <jospoortvliet> to the right: categories. You must always choose a category or a few
16:33:36 <javier> do lizards and news share some kind of infrastructure?
16:33:55 <henne> javier: no
16:34:04 <jospoortvliet> second author. you can't put anyone as author unfortunately so if you post something written by someone else I propose to put the author on top of the article in italics: "contributed by XXXXX"
16:34:05 <javier> ok
16:34:48 <jospoortvliet> third if someone else has send you an article to be edited and published, use the public preview to let that person review it before publishing
16:35:19 <henne> i can take care of the author thingee to make this free text
16:35:21 <jospoortvliet> I am usually quite liberal in editing (I mean that I change quite a lot sometimes to fix wording, structure, gramar etc, not just spelling) so that review can be really needed to make sure it all still is right
16:35:30 <jospoortvliet> henne: if that would be possible that would be very good
16:35:39 <izabelvalverde> can we do this as an action or something like this to be remind later?
16:35:40 <jospoortvliet> henne: not crucial however
16:35:45 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: what exactly?
16:36:04 <izabelvalverde> first, second and third :D
16:36:36 <izabelvalverde> I must to say that I'll be really concerned to start everything perfectly
16:36:45 <izabelvalverde> don't want to make a mess
16:36:59 <henne> no need to be concerned
16:37:07 <jospoortvliet> indeed
16:37:09 <henne> you cant make a permanent error here :)
16:37:17 <izabelvalverde> both nice ;)
16:37:30 <jospoortvliet> hehe
16:37:38 <henne> making mistakes is okay
16:37:44 <jospoortvliet> indeed
16:37:46 <jospoortvliet> anyway
16:37:47 <henne> how else would you learn? :)
16:37:52 <jospoortvliet> so be sure that if you put an article there, you:
16:37:58 <jospoortvliet> - notify the team on news@opensuse.org
16:38:10 <henne> why?
16:38:17 <jospoortvliet> - put the schedule and what still needs to be done (eg let original author review it; needs native language review etc)
16:38:20 <jospoortvliet> on top
16:38:24 <saigkill_> Can i ask a question?
16:38:26 <jospoortvliet> henne: scheduling
16:38:29 <jospoortvliet> saigkill_: yes ask
16:38:44 <jospoortvliet> henne: in case there is an urgent thing for that day or a conflict or someone was working on something like that already etc
16:38:48 <jospoortvliet> as early as possible!
16:38:58 <saigkill_> How we handdlre the Weekly News? Before i put it in news.o.o they are already proofreaded
16:39:07 <jospoortvliet> saigkill_: so if it's proofreaded it's fine
16:39:18 <jospoortvliet> and as you publish same day every week (right?) we reserve that day
16:39:23 <jospoortvliet> no other announcements...
16:39:26 <jospoortvliet> or articles
16:39:26 <javier> is news.o.o going to be multilingual?
16:39:27 <saigkill_> Shoud we proofrad a second one?
16:39:41 <jospoortvliet> saigkill_: not more than is needed, it has always been OK so let's keep it that way
16:39:48 <henne> javier: not as of yet
16:39:50 <saigkill_> ok,
16:39:53 <jospoortvliet> javier: let's do that for future
16:39:58 <javier> ok
16:40:08 <jospoortvliet> ok again, with all I say I want to stress that if anyone disagrees, let me know, we discuss it OK?
16:40:09 <henne> jospoortvliet: i would like to skip the notifcation step
16:40:21 <jospoortvliet> I'm modeling this thing to dot way of working - we can do it differently
16:40:22 <henne> its manual so it puts a real burden on the process
16:40:35 <jospoortvliet> henne: ok, so how else would you make sure there is no double work and proper scheduling?
16:40:36 <javier> lizards.o.o isn't at the moment, and sometimes it makes sense to write the blogpost in another language
16:40:49 <henne> jospoortvliet: looking at the articles
16:40:57 <jospoortvliet> henne: sure we have a decent que
16:40:59 <jospoortvliet> queue
16:41:01 <jospoortvliet> ok
16:41:03 <jospoortvliet> others agree?
16:41:14 <CarlosRibeiro> +1
16:41:18 <saigkill_> +1
16:41:19 <jospoortvliet> in that case we just work from the queue and only use news ML to discuss things
16:41:30 <henne> yes
16:41:31 <CarlosRibeiro> sounds good
16:41:32 <saigkill_> sound good
16:41:33 <izabelvalverde> perfect
16:41:37 <jospoortvliet> ok deal
16:41:38 <izabelvalverde> perfect
16:41:40 <gnokii> jospoortvliet: agree to what?
16:41:58 <jospoortvliet> gnokii: keep up ps question was announce articles on news.o.o ML or not
16:42:10 <jospoortvliet> so we don't
16:42:15 <jospoortvliet> unless there is something special
16:42:24 <gnokii> wait have to understand what u formulated
16:42:33 <jospoortvliet> this means we have to be very careful. You can't just publish someting - you must check the articles in draft right now to see what the queue is
16:42:37 <jospoortvliet> and when what needs to go out
16:42:42 <jospoortvliet> and discuss on ML if there are conflicts
16:42:43 <jospoortvliet> !
16:42:50 <jospoortvliet> eg we have something for today
16:43:02 <jospoortvliet> so if there would be something else for today we have a conflict and must discuss it
16:43:39 <jospoortvliet> there is another article which isn't ready yet and would have had to be published last monday...
16:43:48 <jospoortvliet> so we have to decide what to do with it
16:43:51 <jospoortvliet> did anyone notice that yet?
16:43:53 <jospoortvliet> ;-)
16:44:23 <jospoortvliet> and there is also a FOSDEM article that needs work and go live 2 weeks from now
16:44:33 <jospoortvliet> anyone looked at that yet?
16:44:50 <henne> i can go
16:45:02 <henne> because its already handled in the post from yesterday
16:45:03 <izabelvalverde> jospoortvliet what Highlight means there?
16:45:40 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: hene please both be more specific :D
16:45:59 <henne> hm?
16:46:16 <henne> the draft about the board meeting can be deleted
16:46:18 <jospoortvliet> henne: you responded to the one about the board meeting? in that case, yes, I agree that it can probably go
16:46:19 <jospoortvliet> ok
16:46:25 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: you delete it :D
16:46:28 <henne> because of http://news.opensuse.org/2010/12/13/holiday-wishes-from-the-opensuse-board/
16:46:34 <izabelvalverde> :D ok... in Post you have Title  	Author  	Categories  	Tags  	 Comments 	Date 	Highlight
16:46:46 <henne> and the announcement that will go out today too
16:47:23 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: I bet henne can explain it - I never used it...
16:47:39 <henne> yes i can
16:47:53 <henne> highlight is about the highlight box on top of news.opensuse.org
16:47:59 <jospoortvliet> aah
16:48:02 <henne> the cycling picture with the text
16:48:21 <henne> you can enable it, choose a picture from the post or add one by URL
16:48:34 <izabelvalverde> thank you henne
16:48:35 <henne> by default it will show the excerpt but you can also overwrite that
16:49:46 <henne> okay
16:50:04 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: ok so you delete that post. Then there is the announcement that has to go out today. Can you publish it? Be sure to remove the "to be published tuesday" ;-)
16:50:07 <jospoortvliet> I already put you as author
16:50:09 <jospoortvliet> ;-)
16:50:22 <henne> stop
16:50:34 <jospoortvliet> aah
16:50:35 <jospoortvliet> stop!
16:50:37 <jospoortvliet> ;-)
16:50:45 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: wait sec
16:50:51 <henne> the article uses "we" a lot and refers to the board
16:50:59 <jospoortvliet> yes so it is from the board
16:51:02 <henne> yes
16:51:10 <jospoortvliet> but news editor can publish it for the board
16:51:11 <izabelvalverde> ok
16:51:22 <jospoortvliet> author = editor right now
16:51:27 <jospoortvliet> not person who wrote it per-se
16:51:35 <jospoortvliet> so it should be OK
16:51:44 <jospoortvliet> it had my name on it, just as inaccurate...
16:51:44 <CarlosRibeiro> i agree
16:52:08 <jospoortvliet> henne: ok or did you have other issue?
16:52:33 <jospoortvliet> henne: and it has a few spelling errors
16:52:38 <jospoortvliet> I tried to correct them a few times
16:52:41 <jospoortvliet> but didn't work damnit
16:52:55 <henne> we need to be carefull with this
16:53:02 <henne> journalists use the author tag as reality
16:53:08 <jospoortvliet> ok
16:53:10 <henne> no matter what we use internally
16:53:14 <jospoortvliet> then don't use my name either...
16:53:21 <jospoortvliet> yours or yaloki or bryen
16:53:34 <jospoortvliet> henne: and: can you go out of it I fix the errors then go out then izabel publishes it, she can get some experience with that this way
16:53:45 <jospoortvliet> I will put you as author henne
16:54:13 <henne> i have put the board account as author
16:54:16 <jospoortvliet> aah ok
16:54:18 <jospoortvliet> fine too
16:55:11 <jospoortvliet> henne: can you leave it for a sec or fix the spelling issues: independend > independent and organisations > organizations
16:56:02 <henne> both are fine
16:56:10 <jospoortvliet> hmmm
16:56:38 <henne> now i mean
16:56:42 <jospoortvliet> ok
16:56:45 <jospoortvliet> so it's ready?
16:57:17 <henne> yes
16:59:54 <henne> so what now? :)
17:01:39 <henne> hello?
17:01:52 <saigkill_> yes, we're here :-)
17:02:19 <izabelvalverde> here
17:02:30 <izabelvalverde> reading articles :D
17:03:11 <henne> can you publish the announcement? :)
17:03:39 <izabelvalverde> yes
17:03:51 <henne> please do so
17:03:51 <izabelvalverde> did you correct?
17:04:32 <henne> i did yes. you can review it :)
17:05:49 <henne> i need to go soonish
17:05:57 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: nice, you deleted the not-longer-needed article. Now publish the other one and our Queue is down by two :D
17:05:58 <henne> can we wrap up this meeting now?
17:06:00 <izabelvalverde> henne I just thinking the text is to close to the picture
17:06:04 <jospoortvliet> henne: I'd say we're done pretty much
17:06:19 <jospoortvliet> izabelvalverde: be sure to decide that with 'preview', as the look in the editor is different
17:06:35 <izabelvalverde> ok
17:08:10 <izabelvalverde> can I make public?
17:08:16 <izabelvalverde> now? D
17:08:21 <izabelvalverde> just to be sure!
17:08:42 <henne> of course!
17:09:43 <izabelvalverde> done
17:09:56 <henne> hooray :)
17:10:21 <izabelvalverde> :)
17:10:33 <gnokii> wow cool
17:10:35 <CarlosRibeiro> izabelvalverde: congats
17:10:39 <gnokii> nice to read
17:11:13 <izabelvalverde> we finish?
17:11:40 <henne> yes i think so
17:11:56 <henne> lets continue to push articles daily and learn on the way
17:12:02 <izabelvalverde> ok
17:12:02 <gnokii> henne can I mention a thing?
17:12:31 <henne> gnokii: don't ask to ask just ask :)
17:12:56 <gnokii> no no quesiont only a thing to say because saw it very often from jospoortvliet or AJ
17:13:36 <jospoortvliet> btw let's finish the meeting I have another one :D
17:13:36 <henne> spit it out :)
17:13:39 <jospoortvliet> ttyl
17:14:16 <henne> okay
17:14:17 <henne> #endmeeting