<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Board Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Board Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by henne at 18:02:47 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2010-09-08-18.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Foundation</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2010-09-08-18.02.log.html#l-31'>henne</a>, 18:09:29)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">yaloki poke
    conference committee for a slot + foundation presentation at the
    conference</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-09-08-18.02.log.html#l-364'>yaloki</a>,
    19:05:51)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">yaloki poke
    conference committee for a slot + foundation presentation at the
    conference</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-09-08-18.02.log.html#l-367'>yaloki</a>,
    19:05:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Board has decided to self-impose a Jan15, 2011
    deadline for response from Novell on a Foundation before switching
    to Plan B</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-09-08-18.02.log.html#l-373'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:06:44)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Board agrees to begin developing Plan B visibly
    and publicly before the Jan 15, 2011 deadline and discussing it at
    the openSUSE Conference</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-09-08-18.02.log.html#l-379'>suseROCKs</a>,
    19:07:17)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">henne make a
    summary of what needs to be done in terms of legalese for an
    e.V.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-09-08-18.02.log.html#l-380'>yaloki</a>,
    19:07:25)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">yaloki
    initial post/summary about foundation, plan B, next steps, session
    at conference</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-09-08-18.02.log.html#l-400'>yaloki</a>,
    19:10:04)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Trademark Approval Process</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2010-09-08-18.02.log.html#l-406'>henne</a>, 19:10:57)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status Membership Approvals</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2010-09-08-18.02.log.html#l-436'>henne</a>, 19:17:14)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">yaloki poke
    membership-officials@o.o and discuss issues</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2010-09-08-18.02.log.html#l-538'>yaloki</a>,
    19:35:22)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Where do we need to improve?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2010-09-08-18.02.log.html#l-543'>henne</a>, 19:36:12)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Questions &amp; Answers</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2010-09-08-18.02.log.html#l-549'>henne</a>, 19:37:15)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 19:46:39 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2010-09-08-18.02.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>yaloki poke conference committee for a slot + foundation presentation at the conference</li>
  <li>yaloki poke conference committee for a slot + foundation presentation at the conference</li>
  <li>henne make a summary of what needs to be done in terms of legalese for an e.V.</li>
  <li>yaloki initial post/summary about foundation, plan B, next steps, session at conference</li>
  <li>yaloki poke membership-officials@o.o and discuss issues</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> henne <ol>
    <li>henne make a summary of what needs to be done in terms of legalese for an e.V.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> yaloki <ol>
    <li>yaloki poke conference committee for a slot + foundation presentation at the conference</li>
    <li>yaloki poke conference committee for a slot + foundation presentation at the conference</li>
    <li>yaloki initial post/summary about foundation, plan B, next steps, session at conference</li>
    <li>yaloki poke membership-officials@o.o and discuss issues</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>yaloki (193)</li>
  <li>henne (147)</li>
  <li>suseROCKs (121)</li>
  <li>michl (77)</li>
  <li>wolfiR (29)</li>
  <li>AlbertoP (19)</li>
  <li>VenomVelvet (17)</li>
  <li>bugbot (4)</li>
  <li>javier_ (2)</li>
  <li>inotifyAPI (1)</li>
  <li>bitshuffler (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
