=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by suseROCKs at 19:04:21 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2010/opensuse-project.2010-12-01-19.04.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* openSUSE Board Meeting  (suseROCKs, 19:05:16)

* openSUSE Board Meeting | Topic: openSUSE election /committee
  (suseROCKs, 19:07:37)
  * ACTION: suseROCKs to publish the Board's Perspective on being a
    Board Member with comments from other board members by end of the
    week  (suseROCKs, 19:13:28)

* openSUSE Board Meeting | Topic openSUSE Foundation  (suseROCKs,
  19:15:31)
  * ACTION: rhorstkoetter to investigate procedures for filing e.V.
    application in Germany  (suseROCKs, 19:28:03)
  * ACTION: aclark_ to confer with Legal team this week and reply to
    board@ with legal advice.   After that, board will determine
    timelines to complete bylaws and other items  (suseROCKs, 19:36:44)

* openSUSE Board Meeting | Where do we need to improve?  (suseROCKs,
  19:39:19)
  * LINK:
    https://features.opensuse.org/query/run?search_string=&tag=&search_products[]=opensuse.org&search_status[]=unconfirmed&search_status[]=new&search_status[]=marketplace&search_status[]=implementation&search_status[]=done&search_status[]=rejected&search_status[]=duplicate&search_status[]=validation&type=find&commit=Search
    (suseROCKs, 19:42:08)
  * ACTION: rhorstkoetter and henne to discuss how to make bugzilla
    indexing better and reach out to Novell admins on this matter
    (suseROCKs, 20:07:50)
  * ACTION: manugupt1 to communicate with opensuse-web@ on how to
    improve openSUSE infrastructure SEO and report back to us his
    findings.  (suseROCKs, 20:08:19)
  * ACTION: mrdocs to organize collaboration efforts to document OBS
    (suseROCKs, 20:42:16)

* openSUSE Board Meeting | Topic:  Q&A  (suseROCKs, 20:48:24)



Meeting ended at 20:55:02 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* aclark_
  * aclark_ to confer with Legal team this week and reply to board@ with
    legal advice.   After that, board will determine timelines to
    complete bylaws and other items
* manugupt1
  * manugupt1 to communicate with opensuse-web@ on how to improve
    openSUSE infrastructure SEO and report back to us his findings.
* mrdocs
  * mrdocs to organize collaboration efforts to document OBS
* rhorstkoetter
  * rhorstkoetter to investigate procedures for filing e.V. application
    in Germany
  * rhorstkoetter and henne to discuss how to make bugzilla indexing
    better and reach out to Novell admins on this matter
* suseROCKs
  * suseROCKs to publish the Board's Perspective on being a Board Member
    with comments from other board members by end of the week



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* suseROCKs (188)
* rhorstkoetter (143)
* prusnak (31)
* manugupt1 (30)
* warlordfff (28)
* mrdocs (28)
* aclark_ (17)
* dev001 (11)
* bugbot (4)
* CarlosRibeiro (4)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4