<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">16:01:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">16:01:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jun  2 16:01:02 2010 UTC.  The chair is henne. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">16:01:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">16:01:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">16:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">16:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> This meeting is meant to discuss the latest developments in and around openSUSE.
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">16:01:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> The topics for this meeting are:
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">16:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 1.  Old Action Items
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">16:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 2. Status Reports
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">16:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 1. Board
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">16:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 2. Distribution
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">16:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 3. Communication / Events
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">16:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 4. Build Service
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">16:01:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 3. Wiki Migration
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">16:01:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 4. Questions &amp; Answers
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">16:01:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 1. From Wiki
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">16:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 2. From Channel
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">16:02:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> lets go
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">16:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Old Action Items</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">16:03:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> you can find them in bugzilla with this url: http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">16:03:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> any progress?
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">16:04:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> is this still the right tool to track our action items?
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">16:04:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> we might consider retrospectiva as other subprojects are using it, but i don't think it is a tool issue :-/
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">16:04:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> The question is also whether it does not make sense to remind people personally before the meeting - or discuss with them whether we should close something.
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">16:05:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> i thought thats what meetings are for :)
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">16:05:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> yes, lets have a pre-meeting ;-)
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">16:05:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> i think there are updated kde and gnome appliances
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">16:05:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we track them with #action now
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">16:06:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I meant a personal email: Please take care of your ai and report back next meeting
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">16:06:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I'm unsure how up-to-date is the gnome appliance, though
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">16:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> so #456622 is no more valid
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">16:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> Could you mark the bug as done, please?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">16:07:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> if someone can give me a link to an upstream gnome appliance, yes :-)
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">16:07:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> http://susestudio.com/a/zpzr67/gnome-reloaded--2
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">16:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> from who?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">16:07:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> cool
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">16:07:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> from you, me or whoever volunteers ;)
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">16:08:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> you can get in contact with andre, so he can give you write permissions for it
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">16:08:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i barely find time to run these meetings :-/
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">16:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> not exactly what the AI is about, though (it's about an appliance with upstream branding, as far as I remember it)
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">16:09:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what i can do is put the things we mark with #action to bugzilla at the ned of the meeting
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">16:09:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> if the branding upstream package exists that should be no problem, we can clone andre's appliance for that
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">16:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> but to be fair, that's an AI for the gnome team, so I'm not sure why it appears in the list here :-)
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">16:09:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> bcause he used the "Action Items" component
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">16:10:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> yeah. Someone just need to do it -- never had time to play with that myself
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">16:10:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> vuntz:We should mark it as [AI GNOME] then...
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">16:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> nod
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">16:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> if you track your AI's there
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">16:10:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> do you?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">16:11:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> we did in the past, I think
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">16:11:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> otherwise magnus is using this component as his personal todo list and we should sponsor him an RTM account ;)
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">16:11:38 </span><span class="nka">* vuntz</span> <span class="ac">updated the bug</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">16:11:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okioki
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">16:12:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the other two are not here
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">16:12:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> (thanks for the link to this appliance)
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">16:12:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> two assignees
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">16:13:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">henne put everything we mark with #action to bugzilla after the meetings</span>
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">16:13:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> next topic?
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">16:13:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> yes, sir!
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">16:14:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status Reports</span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">16:14:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> teams and people send various status reports
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">16:14:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> coolo, do we have a distribution status report?
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">16:14:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> coolo does for the distribution, the boosters for their milestones etc.
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">16:15:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> is there anything regarding those to talk about ?
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">16:15:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Did Coolo send one?  I might have missed it...
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">16:16:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> last one I find is from May 19th...
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">16:16:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> i don't remember who had AI to send report from board meeting in NBG
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">16:16:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> michl took note so i assumed he
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">16:17:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> but we can also give it live :)
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">16:17:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> should i or do you want to?
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">16:17:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> me and michl won't be attending today's meeting
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">16:17:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> and bryen is also puzzled
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">16:17:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i mean now
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">16:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> not later :
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">16:18:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> i don't think so. cant find any either
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">16:18:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so the board meet in person last friday and had a board face to face meeting in nuremberg
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">16:19:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we discussed our "normal" agenda that we also go through in our IRC meetings
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">16:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> in great detail we talked about what the board wants to do the next months
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">16:20:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we came to the conclusion that we also want to look at roadblocks for contributors
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">16:21:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> mostly in the spirit and communication areas
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">16:21:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so for instance we talked a great length about giving people real power
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">16:22:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> which also means living with the fact that they can fail
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">16:22:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> not always provide this savety net that we all like so much
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">16:23:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> may I ask a definition of "real power"?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">16:23:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but also simple things like looking at failures of communication like response time of people responsible for something
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">16:23:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the example was mirror requests i think
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">16:24:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> vuntz:if someone is responsible for something it means that he is responsible for success and for failure
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">16:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what we like to do often is to provide a safety net
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">16:24:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> for instance the milestone announcements
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">16:25:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> :W 34
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">16:25:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (sorry)
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">16:25:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we ask james to write those, but keep pinging him about it, write them half for him and so on
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">16:26:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> For me it was not clear that he signed up forever to do these - and seeing his feedback it was not clear to him either.
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">16:26:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> i don't want to discuss details
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">16:26:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this was just an example
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">16:27:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> if we put people in charge we should make clear to them (and to everyone else) that they are responsible for this
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">16:27:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> and write it at a well-known place in the wiki
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">16:27:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> we might have both a place with open jobs - and with responsibilities...
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">16:28:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> makes sense (although I thought it was already like that -- the safety net is not because we want a safety net but because we all care)
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">16:28:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> for most teams teams this can be part of the team page
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">16:28:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> yep but for starters this is blocking us we think
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">16:28:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> A place with open jobs is nice but not what henne says
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">16:28:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I guess...
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">16:28:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> If you want to empower people, you need to tell them also what they can do ;)
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">16:29:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> because then people don't really dive in
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">16:29:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> sure, I agree
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">16:29:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> thats correct, and that works only if you, in the first time, take them by the hand and show him/her
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">16:29:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this made also something very clear to us
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">16:29:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> We might need both - for those that want a tutor/coach that helps them with the first steps - and later let them run on their own and just help when they ask for help!
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">16:30:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> and help a second time maybe and than LET GO!
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">16:30:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> Seems we agree ;)
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">16:30:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> sure we agree
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">16:30:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> we didnt talk implementation. come to the board meetings. implementation is a topic there :)
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">16:30:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> what we have to learn is feeling comfortable with that actually
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">16:30:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so this made also something very clear to us
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">16:30:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we are, with communication and behaviour, way behind all the technical changes
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">16:31:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> that allow responsibility
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">16:31:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Do you have a board meeting today?
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">16:31:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and thats what the board wants to try to change in the next couple of months
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">16:31:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Sounds great!  Go, board, go!
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">16:31:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> yes. at 18:00 UTC
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">16:32:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> did i forget anything?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">16:32:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> probably
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">16:32:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> good :)
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">16:32:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> 18:00 UTC is a no-go for me in general, I doubt I can make it :-( but will try
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">16:33:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> you can also leave your ideas on our meeting page Meetings/Board :)
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">16:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay thats it from the board status update then
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">16:33:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anything else we need to discuss?
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">16:33:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> It's getting off-topic now: But why not paste the current agenda later in the meeting to invite everybody?
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">16:34:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> everybody goto http://en.opensuse.org/Meetings/Board :)
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">16:34:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> that should be enough
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">16:34:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay next topic?
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">16:35:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Wiki Migration</span>
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">16:35:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> as you probably have noticed we have the second of june and wiki.o.o and en.o.o are not switched
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">16:36:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> thats because the wiki team feels very strongly that the new wiki is not ready yet
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">16:37:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we think that if we switch now we will not be able to handle all the cleanups afterwards
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">16:37:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the reason is pretty simple: wiki.o.o has still a lof of gaping holes content wise
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">16:37:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> What is the plan to fill the holes?
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">16:37:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so we are talking about slipping the date
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">16:38:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> (even more then we already have ;)
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">16:38:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> take more time and approach the "owners" of those holes
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">16:39:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so we can bring them up to speed with the new structure and things
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">16:39:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and they then do the migration theirself
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">16:40:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we did so already for a couple of them (Weekly news, STUDIO, etc)
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">16:40:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> What about an IRC classroom session where everybody gets invitied?
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">16:40:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> we rather want to approach people individually
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">16:40:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I know I can always ask on opensuse-wiki (correct?) but making it a special effort might get some more people in
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">16:40:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> instead of a broad shot
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">16:41:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> I like the idea. Are you picking the AI ?
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">16:41:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> that we plan to do once we go live and the "general openSUSE public" starts to use it
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">16:42:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> its easier to go to Sascha for and teach him how to do Weekly News then to hope that he swings by in an irc session
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">16:42:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we have a big list of stuff that we need to do
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">16:42:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> http://wiki.opensuse.org/Help:Todo
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">16:43:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> I know too little to do that and thing the wiki team can handle this on their own. But if they need help for a classroom sesion setup, I'm willing to help and I hope you help as well ;)
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">16:44:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anyway
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">16:44:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Should each user migrate his own user page?
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">16:44:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> like i said. we don't plan classrooms (yet)
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">16:44:19 </span><span class="nka">* dragotin</span> <span class="ac">helps whereever possible</span>
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">16:44:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> yes
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">16:44:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> yes. everybody is welcome and invited to help as much as possible
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">16:44:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> everything is documented on http://wiki.opensuse.org/Portal:Wiki
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">16:45:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> ok, then I'll do mine soon ;)
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">16:45:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so the date we're aiming at is the 12th of July
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">16:45:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the week of the 11.3 release
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">16:45:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> well, but for example the user page migration is something which needs a broader announcement
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">16:46:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> if we want that everybody does it, we must _tell_ people
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">16:46:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> guys. the user pages are the least of our worries
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">16:46:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> along with a howto possibly
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">16:46:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">16:46:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">16:46:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we have no 11.3 stuff and very little project stuff  in the wiki
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">16:46:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so userpages are really not what this migration hangs on ;)
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">16:47:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> user pages migration might get some people upto speed with the migration and help with others later on
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">16:47:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> might be
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">16:47:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we said what we want to do
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">16:47:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> distribution + 11.3 product presentation is nearly completely missing
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">16:47:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> So, the Help:Todo is not prioritized - where is your secret priority list?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">16:47:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> all of this is A priority
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">16:48:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> without that we can't go live
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">16:48:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Sorry for beeing dense but you just said that Users is not important - and then you say all is A priority.  Now I'm confused...
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">16:49:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think everything on http://wiki.opensuse.org/Help:Todo is a priority
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">16:49:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> users is not on that list
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">16:50:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> I saw members and read users - you're right.  Sorry henne, I was confused indeed ;)
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">16:51:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so we are thinking about doing the switch at the 12th of July
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">16:51:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> to take the traction the 11.3 release (same week) brings into the wiki
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">16:51:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this would give us another month to do stuff
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">16:51:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and would still bring the new wiki in time for 11.3
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">16:52:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> which was our original goal
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">16:52:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i already talked to darix and he said technicall the 12th would be no problem
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">16:52:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> is there anything else you guys can think of that speaks against this date?
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">16:53:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> only that its still challenging
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">16:53:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> true
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">16:53:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but lately we're gaining some tracktion
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">16:54:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so i think we can make that date
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">16:54:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> i think we have 2 new boosters on it, so it can work
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">16:54:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> henne, digitltom: Cool!
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">16:54:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> trying to get critical work done while the world cup is in progress looks like a big challenge to me :)
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">16:54:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah and i need to push michl more for the B1 sponsoring...
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">16:55:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> it needs to be challenging ;)
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">16:55:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> it needs people who work
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">16:55:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> yeah tell me about it...
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">16:55:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> Yes for sure!
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">16:55:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> We can't wish that all teams lose in the first round ;)
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">16:55:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so no objections to the 12th?
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">16:56:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> sure, but we can wish that Germany loses in the first round. Just one team, it's okay ;-)
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">16:57:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> big +1. I think we want it for 11.3 anyway, so...
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">16:57:14 </span><span class="nka">* henne</span> <span class="ac">smacks vuntz with a large vuvuzela</span>
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">16:57:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> Bring your armor with you next week to Germany :-)
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">16:57:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> 54, 74, 90, 2010
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">16:57:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> is france in actually ? ;-)
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">16:57:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> heh. We made it. We just cheated for that.
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">16:57:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay then we will most likely go for that date
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">16:58:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Go for it and keep us updated - I might even help ;)
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">16:58:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">16:58:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> will do
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">16:58:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> next topic then?
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">16:58:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we have 2 minutes left
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">16:58:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> yes, hurry
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">16:58:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Questions &amp; Answers</span>
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">16:58:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> otherwise I get the nudelholz at home
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">16:58:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> there are no questions on the wiki
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">16:58:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> are there any other topics we need to discuss now?
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">16:58:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I have one question: will the strategy team continue to exist once we have decided on the strategy?
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">16:58:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> or are there any general questions?
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">16:59:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> AJaeger?
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">16:59:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> what reason are you thinking of?
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">17:00:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> The strategy needs to be implemented.
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">17:00:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> well, I'm just wondering and I have no opinion -- is it actually useful or not to keep the strategy team in the long term?
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">17:01:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> We have not discussed how to implement it and help with the implementation.
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">17:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> nod, makes sense
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">17:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> well, a strategy has to keep alive as everything
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">17:01:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> it might be that the team continues to do it - or the board takes over, or some extra team...
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">17:01:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> so a kind of strat team needs to exist I guess
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">17:01:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> sure, I just don't expect our strategy to change every month
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">17:01:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> right
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">17:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> We need to find a way to drive the strategy implementation...
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">17:01:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> well
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">17:02:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this team then should consist of the people in charge now
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">17:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> I wonder if need an explicit team for that
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">17:02:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> who CAN implement it
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">17:02:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> Yes, the goal of that team would be different than it is now
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">17:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> IMHO a strategy is in need of adjustment from time to time and smaller adjustments are better than large adjustments, thus a strategy team should exist, albeit meet probably infrequently.
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">17:02:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> it should probably be more than a forum/meeting/list whatever
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">17:02:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> often this kind of strategy work is done by a bunch of core contributors
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">17:02:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but the current team can drive that
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">17:02:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> without a official assignment I guess
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">17:03:02 </span><span class="nka">* vuntz</span> <span class="ac">thinks the current team can help bootstrap things, indeed</span>
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">17:03:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> yes, there is no need to stop the current team from doing things that go beyond defining and proposing the strategy
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">17:03:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> are you still meeting?
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">17:03:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> the strategy will only be successfull if all of us support it and enough contribute
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">17:03:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> face to face?  Not anymore
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">17:04:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> no i mean in general
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">17:04:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> irc or whatever
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">17:04:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> But we continue to meet for the next couple of weeks.
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">17:04:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> can you take that question to the meeting?
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">17:04:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Next milestone is writing up the strategy proposals - and then it's defining the voting process
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">17:04:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dragotin:</span> yes, and this might work well after the initial push is completed
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">17:04:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> Give me that action item
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">17:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> it might be that they don't want to continue so we don't have to talk in the bubble were in right now :)
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">17:05:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> The team will make a proposal ...
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">17:05:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AJaeger ask the strategy team about their plans for after the initial proposals</span>
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">17:06:04 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">needs to leave now - there's a smelly diaper in front of me :-(</span>
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">17:06:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> mmmmhhhh yummy
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">17:06:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so any other question/topic?
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">17:06:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> when does summer start?
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">17:06:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">17:07:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> saturday in the weißenoher kloster biergarten
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">17:08:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;prusnak&gt;</span> is ß again allowed in hochdeutsch?
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">17:08:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitshuffler&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">17:08:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> it was never forbidden
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">17:08:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> and weißenohe is not hochdeutsch
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">17:08:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">prusnak:</span> only some usecases were taken away
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">17:08:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dragotin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> thats also true
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">17:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Okay that's it then. If you have more, don't hesitate to bring it up on the appropriate mailinglist.
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">17:09:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The next project meeting will be in two weeks. Same channel but this time at 12:00 UTC.</span>
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">17:09:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Thank you all for participating. Good night and good luck!
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">17:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
