19:01:14 <henne> #startmeeting
19:01:14 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed Nov  3 19:01:14 2010 UTC.  The chair is henne. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
19:01:14 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
19:01:24 <henne> #meetingtopic openSUSE Board Meeting
19:01:25 * rhorstkoetter is here
19:02:02 <suseROCKs> our beloved michl is here!
19:02:12 <henne> #meetingtopic openSUSE Board Meeting
19:02:12 * rhorstkoetter hugs michl
19:02:13 <michl> moin, moion
19:02:33 <rhorstkoetter> michl: honey is much appreciated by the family btw
19:02:33 * henne kicks bugbot
19:02:49 <rhorstkoetter> michl: thanks again
19:02:54 <michl> rhorstkoetter: glad to hear ;-)
19:02:58 <henne> #chair michl suseROCKs rhorstkoetter yaloki prusnak
19:02:58 <bugbot> Current chairs: henne michl prusnak rhorstkoetter suseROCKs yaloki
19:03:34 <henne> the agenda for this meeting is
19:03:37 <suseROCKs> rhorstkoetter,  we have to be careful now...  people misunderstand when we say "hone" and "michl"...  we're referring to the food, not his woman.  :-)
19:03:54 <rhorstkoetter> suseROCKs: certainly :)
19:05:07 <henne> 1. openSUSE Foundation
19:05:08 <henne> 2. Where do we need to improve ?
19:05:08 <henne> 3. Questions & Answers
19:05:22 <michl> henne: ha, that's not the current one
19:05:35 <michl> Creation of an election committee is missing
19:05:45 <henne> oh i thought that was an old topic
19:05:50 <henne> okay then
19:06:14 <henne> 3. Creation of an election committee is missing
19:06:18 <suseROCKs> just add one more topic...  Election Committee
19:06:25 <henne> 4. Questions & Answers
19:07:19 <henne> okay?
19:07:25 <rhorstkoetter> henne: yes
19:07:29 <michl> henne: Sir, yes, Sir
19:07:40 <prusnak> here
19:08:10 <suseROCKs> only one missing is yaloki
19:08:15 <henne> so first topic
19:08:21 <henne> #topic openSUSE Foundation
19:08:57 <suseROCKs> henne,   I think you need to op bugbot before you can #topic
19:08:58 <michl> yaloki: can you provide the latest version of your foundation presentation from the conference ?
19:09:20 <henne> hm
19:09:25 <henne> #undo
19:09:25 <bugbot> Removing item from minutes: <MeetBot.items.Topic object at 0x1323b90>
19:09:29 <henne> #topic openSUSE Foundation
19:09:40 <henne> oh i thought it still was. sorry
19:10:05 <michl> yaloki: can you provide the latest version of your foundation presentation from the conference ?
19:10:13 <suseROCKs> probably the one and ONLy time I'll ever be able to give henne techie advice  :-)
19:10:28 <michl> yaloki: you're around ?
19:10:43 <suseROCKs> So is there any movement on Novell Hill since our face to face discussion?
19:11:15 <michl> I'll set up a meeting with Jos and Alan to go ahead
19:11:30 <michl> suseROCKs: you're welcome to join
19:11:33 <suseROCKs> go ahed with what?
19:11:47 <michl> suseROCKs: the legal shmoo
19:11:55 <suseROCKs> ahh
19:12:05 <michl> bylaws, legal advice, election rules
19:12:07 <michl> etc.
19:12:09 <henne> the bylaws?
19:12:38 <rhorstkoetter> michl: do you need any help here? afaik we opted for german e.V. which I investigated earlier
19:12:39 <suseROCKs> basically getting the paperwork started so we have something to review and cheer/complain about.   That's good.
19:12:41 <michl> henne: yes, any foundation needs bylaws
19:12:56 <henne> really?
19:13:02 * henne is shocked
19:13:40 <michl> rhorstkoetter: you're welcome as well to join
19:13:42 <henne> i think we should take this task back to us now
19:14:03 <rhorstkoetter> michl: will it be a ml discussion or what have you thought of?
19:14:07 <henne> so add everybody to this meeting
19:14:20 <michl> henne: yes, whole Board
19:14:44 <michl> rhorstkoetter: we discussed the foundation and shaped it already prior and during the conference
19:14:50 <suseROCKs> ok we're getting a little convoluted here....  or at least starting to...
19:14:51 <henne> yeah i think so. i mean we already drafted 0.000001 of the bylaws right?
19:14:59 <michl> so we have kind of a clear picture which is shared with Alan as well
19:15:26 <suseROCKs> the idea here is to hand over what we've discussed to the lawyers  and answer any additional questions they may have  and then let them do the grunt work and give back to us to review if we like it
19:15:39 <michl> so next seep is to get this in form and get legal advise
19:15:41 <rhorstkoetter> michl: I see. question is, you'd like to go ahead and I may help with the legal stuff cause that actually is what I'm specialized from a profession point of view
19:16:01 <henne> suseROCKs: basically yes. just that we're not "finished" with what we hand over
19:16:04 <michl> rhorstkoetter: you have a profession ?
19:16:06 <michl> ;-)
19:16:09 <rhorstkoetter> michl: I'd just like to know if we'll discuss on ml, have an IRC meeting or what?
19:16:29 <henne> rhorstkoetter: thats what we're trying to figure out :)
19:16:37 <suseROCKs> henne,   ok what else did we need to finish up?   refresh my memory
19:17:06 <michl> suseROCKs: bring all we wrote down on the board in NUE to one document
19:17:09 <rhorstkoetter> michl: yes, I'm on the home stretch of being "master of business administration and electrical engineering" while I specialized in commercial law and computer science
19:17:12 <rhorstkoetter> JFYI
19:17:14 <rhorstkoetter> :)
19:17:22 <henne> suseROCKs: we need to put it into form and phrase some of it
19:17:24 <michl> rhorstkoetter: thank you
19:18:02 <henne> do we really need another meeting for that?
19:18:12 <rhorstkoetter> henne: I vote for a ml discussion then. assigning tasks and collaborate/contribute
19:18:18 <michl> henne: no meeting needed
19:18:21 <henne> can't we just draft the bylaws on a piratepad or wiki page?
19:18:29 <rhorstkoetter> henne: +1
19:18:33 <henne> and discuss via mail
19:18:39 <michl> henne: that's what I'd propose as well
19:18:56 <prusnak> so it seems we have a consensus :)
19:19:02 <henne> yes
19:19:05 <rhorstkoetter> prusnak: seems so
19:19:31 <rhorstkoetter> who's starting piratepad? michl?
19:19:49 * michl can
19:19:56 <rhorstkoetter> michl: awesome
19:20:55 <henne> http://piratepad.net/openSUSE-Bylaws
19:21:18 <rsca> Bylaws? Nebengesetze?
19:21:32 <suseROCKs> eh?
19:22:12 <prusnak> rsca: yes
19:23:39 <prusnak> okay, anything else to discuss on this topic right now ?
19:23:40 <rsca> er no, it's Satzung (makes a lot more sense)
19:23:46 <suseROCKs> ok can we increase the pace here?
19:23:59 <michl> henne: is that you writing ?
19:24:10 <rhorstkoetter> michl: seems so
19:24:10 <michl> if so English would be the preferred language
19:24:28 <henne> sure. translate it :)
19:24:44 <prusnak> michl: i think we need german bylaws in the end
19:24:45 <rhorstkoetter> somewhat scary to look henne writing in realtime ;)
19:25:04 <henne> these are just the paragraphs from a standard german bylaw document
19:25:11 <henne> we have to start with something :)
19:25:16 <prusnak> so i would use german and me+bryen can googletranslate
19:25:17 <rhorstkoetter> michl: writing german e.V. bylaws in German makes more sense IMO
19:25:25 <rhorstkoetter> prusnak: +1
19:25:33 <rhorstkoetter> prusnak: or learn German
19:25:35 <rhorstkoetter> :)
19:25:38 <rsca> You need to retain a German version though
19:25:49 <michl> rhorstkoetter: okay, but then we need to throw prusnak, suserocks and alan out of the team before
19:25:59 <rhorstkoetter> michl: not at all
19:26:12 <rhorstkoetter> michl: there is a tool called google translate
19:26:17 <prusnak> hm, why? i can look at machinetranslated text and give feedback as well
19:26:20 <rsca> Google Translate is... suboptimal
19:26:21 <michl> imo we should start the fun in a language all understand and then translate it
19:26:29 <henne> yes
19:26:46 <henne> im also for writing the initial stuff in english and then translate it
19:26:48 <rhorstkoetter> if we'd sketch it in English, we need to translate back to German
19:26:52 <suseROCKs> I'm not sure I'd rely on Google Translate for important legal documents.  But I digress...  we'll deal with that as the time come.  For now... pick up the pace dudes!
19:27:30 <rhorstkoetter> suseROCKs: +1
19:27:39 <rsca> put back the text and I'll deal with it
19:27:43 <henne> we would obviously not use google translate to translate it to german ;)
19:28:03 <rhorstkoetter> just for the protocol: I think it makes way more sense to prepare the document in German in that particular case
19:28:16 <henne> rhorstkoetter: why?
19:28:16 <rhorstkoetter> henne: certainly not :)
19:28:32 <prusnak> i'm fine with both ideas
19:28:39 <suseROCKs> rsca,   have we met before?
19:28:54 <rsca> suseROCKs: not in real life as far as I can recall
19:29:13 <rsca> wait
19:29:28 <rsca> I saw you at the conference, but that's about it
19:29:29 <rhorstkoetter> henne: it's uncomparable harder to first search for english translations of german "fachbegriffe", just to translate them back afterwards
19:29:36 <rhorstkoetter> just my opinion
19:29:55 <rhorstkoetter> for a german e.V. bylaw it's important to have a good german document in the end
19:30:04 <rsca> it is similarly hard to start with Simple English and look up the German specific forms. Direction doesn't really matter.
19:30:17 <suseROCKs> uhh guys....
19:30:23 <henne> i don't think that we need to phrase a lot the specialized sections
19:30:27 <suseROCKs> the important matter for now is to focus on the content... not the language!
19:30:30 <michl> rhorstkoetter: FYI - the recommended lawyer we shall use doesn't speak German afaik
19:30:36 <suseROCKs> Make sure we have all the relevant points we want included for the lawyers to work on
19:30:40 <henne> michl: lol
19:30:58 <michl> suseROCKs: +1
19:31:14 <rhorstkoetter> michl: I hope he's at least aware of German law
19:31:28 <rhorstkoetter> that'd be desirable IMO
19:31:32 <rhorstkoetter> :-D
19:31:46 <suseROCKs> I'm sure they'll engage with a german lawyer just to be on the safe side....
19:31:52 <henne> okay can we vote which way we do it?
19:32:05 <suseROCKs> We can deal with this as the time comes....  For now...  we review our points on piratepad and move on!
19:32:18 <henne> A: english first then translate to german
19:32:24 <suseROCKs> and since English is the only common language all 6 of us speak, we do English  :-)
19:32:32 <henne> B: german first and non-english speakers use google translate
19:32:46 * michl strongly recommends A
19:32:52 * suseROCKs begs for A
19:32:58 <rhorstkoetter> I vote for B (just in that special case cause of reasons outlined above)
19:33:28 * prusnak B
19:33:34 <michl> arrgh
19:33:39 <henne> A :)
19:33:44 <prusnak> ok, voted
19:34:09 <suseROCKs> Good thing Yaloki isn't here to vote B or we'd be in trouble....
19:34:22 <prusnak> suseROCKs: then chair picks :)
19:34:53 <suseROCKs> :-)
19:35:01 <suseROCKs> ok voted upon... now move on?
19:35:45 <michl> suseROCKs: yes pleaaaaaaaaaase
19:36:17 <henne> okay so anything else we need for the foundation?
19:36:20 <suseROCKs> 36 minutes to argue language is ridiculous
19:36:37 <michl> henne: not for now - we just need to push it forward
19:36:52 <michl> suseROCKs: unfortunatelly I fully agree with you
19:37:31 <henne> it is like it is
19:37:38 <henne> next topic then
19:38:04 <henne> #topic Where do we need to improve?
19:38:13 <suseROCKs> has items for this
19:38:27 <suseROCKs> This is possibly more of a -project meeting topic than board but...
19:38:29 <henne> then go ahead :)
19:38:45 <henne> please rmember these must be actionable
19:38:53 <suseROCKs> I'd like to propose that we do as Jos has been begging for... setting up our own openSUSE piratepad.   Its getting extremely difficult to keep track of all the stuff we have out there
19:39:13 <suseROCKs> and semi-along those lines...  maybe we should start combining the -project and -board meetings since they have some overlap
19:39:44 <prusnak> how exactly will our own etherpad help us to keep track of all the stuff ?
19:40:05 * rhorstkoetter just wonders who "j.eng" actually is
19:40:05 <henne> it wont and its a major battle with nasty java stuff
19:40:23 <henne> we already investigated this and everyone who could ran away screaming...
19:40:26 <suseROCKs> as I understand it, we can manipulate it to be better tracked.  Right now, we get random numbers in the URL's  and then its like uhh... where do we go if we lost our bookmarks, etc.
19:40:40 <prusnak> we should put the links in the wiki
19:40:40 <suseROCKs> ok
19:40:48 <prusnak> not in the bookmarks, just my 0.02$
19:41:19 <henne> or just don't use the random numbers in the URL
19:41:35 <suseROCKs> that would take away all the fun  :-)
19:41:42 <henne> you can use whatever padname you want
19:41:50 <suseROCKs> but as you've said its already been investigated, so its moot and we can move on
19:41:54 <henne> rhorstkoetter: a community member :)
19:42:22 <suseROCKs> huh?   what's the community member in reference to?
19:42:36 <rhorstkoetter> suseROCKs: I guess henne himself
19:42:40 <prusnak> to j.eng
19:42:47 <henne> suseROCKs: seriously. you can go to piratepad.net/suseROCKs-own-little-pad and make it yours
19:43:02 <prusnak> anything else where we can improve ?
19:43:11 <henne> wait
19:43:13 <suseROCKs> and henne   seriously...  you pointed out its been investigated...  I take your word for it and its off my mind now  :-)
19:43:22 <henne> there was a second part :)
19:43:35 <suseROCKs> yes  second part  :-D   combining meetings
19:43:40 <henne> yes
19:43:40 <prusnak> ah
19:43:47 <henne> i actually like that
19:44:03 * prusnak too
19:44:26 <suseROCKs> -project meetings have been too dry, and board meetings are more interesting but lack attendance.  Put the two together and we boost ticket sales  :-)
19:45:19 <henne> there is one problem. -project meetings have no decision making
19:45:23 <henne> we have
19:45:29 <suseROCKs> all the better to have both together
19:45:48 <suseROCKs> instead of...  oh we gotta ask the board... let's wait until their meeting later that we can't actually make it to...
19:45:50 <henne> but we can't decide for -project topics
19:46:00 <henne> for most of them that is
19:46:07 <prusnak> that is fine
19:46:14 <suseROCKs> all depends on the situation.  We'll deal with it as we can
19:46:35 <suseROCKs> and we explicitly make clear that there are "two" meetings.   1st half is project and second half is board
19:46:37 <henne> thats how i roll. lets do it :)
19:47:02 <prusnak> we need to find a good time, though
19:47:02 <henne> and lets also kill the 12:00 meeting
19:47:29 <suseROCKs> prusnak,   a good time probably needs to be better determined after the election.  For now we just start to move towards that goal
19:47:37 <rhorstkoetter> also we should set a fixed time for the "second half"
19:48:23 <suseROCKs> rhorstkoetter, sure, but I don't want that to become an excuse for board members to only show up at the second half.  Board members need to be more observant of -project stuff, and that includes me
19:48:54 <henne> suseROCKs: so you want to wait for the elections for this?
19:49:01 <rhorstkoetter> suseROCKs: I honestly have no time to attend -project + -board .. at least not regularly
19:49:25 <rhorstkoetter> thus I'd like to have a fixed time for second half
19:49:39 <prusnak> i think we should wait for the elections
19:49:49 <prusnak> and then to discuss with new people
19:49:51 <rhorstkoetter> either you manage to attend both and if not you know a precise time for -board
19:49:54 <henne> ok
19:49:57 <suseROCKs> ok
19:50:05 <prusnak> but we like the idea, that is good
19:50:21 <henne> but if we need to find a time for a combined meeting we need to talk to way more people then to the new board members
19:50:23 <rhorstkoetter> prusnak: definitely, makes perfect sense
19:50:53 <rhorstkoetter> henne: how much timeshift is in between currently?
19:50:54 <suseROCKs> henne,   thus the "move towards" and "finalize after elections" thingy  :-)
19:51:12 <rhorstkoetter> suseROCKs: you're in a hurry?
19:51:17 <henne> suseROCKs: which directly translates to "postpone" for me ;)
19:51:28 <suseROCKs> ok
19:51:34 <henne> which is ok
19:51:44 <suseROCKs> rhorstkoetter, hurry is relative in the molasses pace we go by around here at times  :-)
19:52:04 <rsca> it's always postpone this postpone that
19:52:12 <prusnak> suseROCKs: what is mol? i understand the second part of the word :)
19:52:29 <suseROCKs> prusnak,   LOL
19:52:35 <rsca> "1 mole of a pure substance has a mass in grams equal to its molecular mass"
19:53:07 <prusnak> thanks smarty pants :)
19:53:14 <suseROCKs> rsca,   you need to read more Archie comic books instead of science textbooks  :-)
19:53:18 <rhorstkoetter> may we stay on topic? IMO it'd be a good opportunity to "move" the meetings together, i.e to get rid of the time in between
19:53:24 <henne> rsca: we are a elected (somewhat) democratic body. things take time :)
19:53:37 <rsca> See I always said aristocracies work best!
19:53:38 <rhorstkoetter> rsca: I agree. postponing doesn't help to much
19:53:52 <suseROCKs> ok guys... listen
19:53:55 <rhorstkoetter> s/to/too
19:54:03 <henne> rsca: who cares what you say. shut up and write the bylaws slave!
19:54:08 <henne> ;)
19:54:08 <rsca> はい。
19:54:24 <suseROCKs> henne identified that we need to talk to way more people on the -project side.  So let's talk to them and find ideal times... then when the new board comes along... we present the ideal times and boom... we move on!
19:54:35 <henne> yes
19:54:43 <henne> anything we can fix now?
19:55:05 <suseROCKs> nope... those were my two thoughts.
19:55:12 <henne> sooner than in 3 months i mean
19:55:14 <suseROCKs> I think we need to move on to the next topic which is WAY more pressing ATM
19:55:27 <henne> fine with me
19:56:08 <henne> okay then next topic
19:56:21 <henne> #topic Election Officials
19:56:30 <henne> where are we with this?
19:57:10 <prusnak> how do one apply for being an EO?
19:57:10 <suseROCKs> Did we find any interesting candidates for the committee at the conference?
19:57:48 <suseROCKs> prusnak,   in the past, we basically just asked people to volunteer directly.  But this time  I'd like to put out a call.  Let more people know they can apply.
19:58:10 <suseROCKs> but first, I want to know if anyone has gotten some kind of a list so far of interested applicants.   michl?
19:58:20 <michl> suseROCKs: nope
19:58:29 <prusnak> volunteer directly = write an email to board@o.o
19:58:31 <prusnak> ?
19:58:41 <suseROCKs> works for me
19:58:51 <prusnak> i asked how it was
19:58:54 <prusnak> not how it should be
19:59:02 <rhorstkoetter> how much volunteers do we actually need in total? is this decided yet?
19:59:10 <suseROCKs> no how it was was we asked people directly... "Wanna join?"
19:59:20 <suseROCKs> 5 should be good
19:59:37 <henne> the more the better
19:59:39 <suseROCKs> and should have at least one member from previous committee to ensure consistency
20:00:10 <suseROCKs> ok so  here's my proposed thoughts:
20:00:25 <suseROCKs> 1.  Advertise the team and ask people to apply
20:00:36 <rhorstkoetter> I'd say we put out a call at news + @project if we'd like to go for the apply thing
20:00:39 <suseROCKs> 2. Be clear about what's involved in the job
20:00:48 <suseROCKs> 3.  Set a deadline for application
20:01:10 * rhorstkoetter likes that
20:01:12 <suseROCKs> 4. Declare when we intend to have the election.  (Keep in mind an election is also a membership drive so we must take that into consideration as well)
20:01:29 <suseROCKs> Questions?
20:01:42 <henne> when to have the election should be up to the EO's
20:01:47 <henne> i think
20:01:50 <henne> the rest is cool
20:02:07 <suseROCKs> well I think we wanted to declare Jan 1 as our consistent board transition date annually
20:02:45 <suseROCKs> I think prusnak might be able to bette answer us if we're more equipped with the new membership group to quickly go through the membership applicaiton spike we get before elections
20:02:53 <rhorstkoetter> suseROCKs: we may set this as a "latest date" to EO
20:03:06 <henne> yes of course
20:03:16 <rhorstkoetter> still, I second what henne said. let's leave the decision to EOs
20:03:47 <suseROCKs> just remember, we've been slipping further and further with each election cycle
20:03:55 <henne> we can also help the MOs with the membership drive
20:04:13 <prusnak> suseROCKs: yes, we'll be ready :)
20:04:16 <rhorstkoetter> suseROCKs: you see. we're postponing too often
20:04:18 <henne> its still our job. we just outsourced it :)
20:04:19 <suseROCKs> first one was October...second one was jan.   at this rate,  my term will never expire  :-)
20:04:39 <suseROCKs> henne,  sure.
20:04:53 <henne> so who writes the call to action?
20:05:04 <suseROCKs> so...  first  what's the deadline for applying for EO?
20:05:15 <henne> this should go out yesterday
20:05:17 <suseROCKs> Nov 14?
20:05:40 <prusnak> nov 14 is ok
20:05:57 <suseROCKs> second... who wants to field the applications?
20:05:59 <henne> yes. either people apply directly or they never will
20:06:04 <suseROCKs> can't be me cuz I'll be traveling yet again
20:06:25 <prusnak> "field" ?
20:06:28 <henne> just send them to board and we deal with them in the next meeting?
20:06:56 <henne> that would mean deadline can also be nov 17. 12:00 UTC
20:07:22 <prusnak> henne: you want to deal with them during the meeting?
20:07:46 <henne> yes. with the applications
20:08:39 <suseROCKs> I probably won't be at that meeting anyway, so you gusy are on your own  :-)
20:08:52 <suseROCKs> prusnak,   "field" as in coordinate, handle, answer, etc.
20:09:48 <henne> i guess we can manage that...
20:10:04 <prusnak> yes, just post to board@o.o
20:10:37 <suseROCKs> ok
20:10:45 <suseROCKs> i'll post it tonight
20:11:07 <suseROCKs> news...  -project ML....  where else?   forums?
20:11:31 <henne> news. opensuse-announce and announce forum
20:11:45 <suseROCKs> hmm
20:11:46 <henne> twitter
20:11:56 <suseROCKs> yeah I already took into my mind's account socnet stuff
20:12:03 <suseROCKs> but announce?
20:12:27 <suseROCKs> I'd like to see project folks be able to respond to the email and ask questions if they have any in a more visible place.  Announce is one-way only
20:12:47 <suseROCKs> thus announce is more limiting than news.oo and forums
20:13:09 <henne> you can set a reply-to to opensuse-project
20:13:39 <henne> it is an announcement right?
20:14:12 <suseROCKs> hmm  I'll have to figure out how to change that on my client for just one specific email...  Will look at it
20:14:57 <henne> i can do the -announce mail for you once you have posted to news.o.o
20:14:59 <henne> no problem
20:15:02 <prusnak> reply-to is just normal field like To or Cc
20:15:20 <suseROCKs> ok
20:15:27 <suseROCKs> anything else on this topic?
20:15:51 <henne> nah sounds fine
20:16:10 <suseROCKs> an hour and 15 minutes so far for a lightweight agenda.  What happens when we have a major topic like the community asks us to invade the Falkland Islands?   We gotta speed up  :-)
20:16:31 <henne> it is like it is
20:16:35 <henne> last topic then?
20:16:37 <michl> suseROCKs: no problem, we then just call Maggie Thatcher
20:16:52 <rhorstkoetter> I like the invading falkland islands topic
20:16:53 <michl> she knows how to deal with such stuff
20:17:01 <rhorstkoetter> let's discuss it
20:17:01 <suseROCKs> :-)
20:17:24 <suseROCKs> well I'll be in the general area next week.  Do you want me to scout for ideal beach landing sites?
20:17:45 <rhorstkoetter> suseROCKs: please do
20:18:07 <prusnak> so the last topic is ... ? :)
20:18:07 <rhorstkoetter> and send photos to board@o.o
20:18:25 <henne> #topic Question and Answers
20:18:32 <suseROCKs> rhorstkoetter, Dude, you're thinking of Bikini Island.  That's in the Pacific
20:18:34 <henne> any other questions?
20:18:41 <henne> or ad-hoc topics to discuss?
20:18:49 <suseROCKs> rsca,  surely you have questions for us  :-)
20:19:18 <rhorstkoetter> suseROCKs: I'm not that focused on one Island or the other. I just like the idea of "openSUSE island"
20:20:11 * suseROCKs thinks Royboy would like the idea of an openSUSE island too...   A place to dump us  :-)
20:21:31 <henne> okay no other questions or topics?
20:21:57 <henne> then lets end this meeting boys
20:22:07 <suseROCKs> i'm a man!
20:22:39 <prusnak> thanks mom for driving the meeting
20:22:46 <suseROCKs> henne,   A suggestion
20:22:47 <henne> #endmeeting