00:01:54 < suseROCKs> wait a minute... Darix takes vacations???   No way!
00:04:47 < darix> sure do
00:05:50 < suseROCKs> darix,   well... take the night off.  (What's left of your night)
00:11:07 < darix> apokryphos: i will work on it tomorrow
00:11:17 < darix> apokryphos: as preparation
00:11:26 < darix> please mail me your ssh pub key to darix@suse.de
00:14:49 < apokryphos> darix: thanks, sent.
00:24:27  * suseROCKs sends fake ssh under an apokryphos alias email
00:24:36 < suseROCKs> *fake ssh pub key
00:29:46 < apokryphos> uhoes :o. Network Security 101
00:29:59 < apokryphos> maybe I should've used my private key to encrypt it ;)
00:30:44 < suseROCKs> hehe
00:32:26 < yaloki> apokryphos: (no need to, it's _signed_ with your private key ;P)
00:34:40 < apokryphos> yaloki: not my GPG key though...
00:35:16 < yaloki> apokryphos: of course it is :)
00:35:19 < apokryphos> anyone could theoretically have generated the ssh key to send
00:35:36 < yaloki> your gpg key is signed
00:35:40 < yaloki> the problem is the initial trust
00:36:16 < apokryphos> exactly -- anyone could send their pub key to darix
00:36:31 < yaloki> yes, as he doesn't have a trusted source to verify it from
00:37:28 < yaloki> (which is why we should really have SSH pubkeys and GPG keys in something like users.o.o)
00:37:39 < apokryphos> yup +1
00:37:52 < apokryphos> linked to build.o.o and the like
00:40:56 < darix> well if apokryphos didnt sign it
00:41:02 < darix> i would just reject the mail and bother him tomorrow
00:41:05 < darix> *shrug*
00:41:10 < yaloki> :)
00:42:05  * apokryphos misses Bob, Alice and Trudy examples ;)
00:42:16 < apokryphos> and Eve of course
00:42:41 < apokryphos> hah, several I didn't know about, like Gordon: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Alice_and_Bob
00:49:49  * yaloki hands apokryphos a mallory
11:35:51 < wstephenson> something up with software.opensuse.org?
11:44:44 < FunkyPenguin> looks like it has fallen over :(
12:57:11 < darix> wstephenson: still broken for me?
12:58:08 < wstephenson> darix: working here
12:58:14 < darix> ok
12:58:16 < wstephenson> tom and coolo kicked it a few times
12:59:10 < darix> ok
13:07:04 < wstephenson> darix: mirror question: the opensuse kde community noticed that KDE:KDE4:Factory:Desktop was not being synced to mirrors as often as other repos
13:07:45 < wstephenson> do you know if any mirrors have some *Factory* rule to exclude or delay mirroring of openSUSE:Factory stuff that is biting eg KKFD packages for 11.2?
13:08:01 < darix> will have to ask adrian
14:04:13 < AJaeger> Hi
14:04:19 < AJaeger> Henne, don't we have project meeting now?
14:04:58 < henne> not according to news.o.o :)
14:05:00 < egbert> AJaeger: oddly we do :p at least that's what groupwise tells me.
14:05:11 < egbert> ok, no sync
14:05:14 < henne> but it looks like the entry just ran out
14:05:16 < henne> hehe
14:07:33 -!- mode/#opensuse-project [+o henne] by ChanServ
14:07:38 -!- mode/#opensuse-project [+o bugbot] by henne
14:07:40 <@henne> #startmeeting
14:07:40 <@bugbot> Meeting started Wed Jun 16 12:07:39 2010 UTC.  The chair is henne. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
14:07:40 <@bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
14:07:45 <@henne> #meetingtopic Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!
14:07:45 -!- bugbot changed the topic of #opensuse-project to:  (Meeting topic: Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!)
14:07:48 <@henne> Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!
14:07:53 <@henne> This meeting is meant to discuss the latest developments in and around openSUSE.
14:08:25 <@henne>    1. Old Action Items
14:08:25 <@henne>    2. Status Reports
14:08:25 <@henne>    3. Question & Answers
14:08:39 <@henne> these are the topics for this meeting
14:09:08 <@henne> lets go. you can find old action items with this link: http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items
14:09:14 <@henne> #topic Old Action Items
14:09:14 -!- bugbot changed the topic of #opensuse-project to: Old Action Items (Meeting topic: Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!)
14:09:19 <@henne> #info you can find old action items with this link: http://bit.ly/opensuse_action_items
14:09:53 <@henne> there is no progress because all of those pending right?
14:10:44 <@henne> oh there was one i was supposed to add to bugzilla
14:10:47 <@henne> AJaeger ask the strategy team about their plans for after the initial proposals
14:11:20 < AJaeger> henne: Still WIP
14:11:24 <@henne> okay
14:11:37 <@henne> let me put it into bugzilla
14:12:30 < AJaeger> henne: Thanks!
14:12:54 <@henne> it is now
14:13:12 <@henne> okay as we have no other progress
14:13:20 <@henne> #topic Status Reports
14:13:20 -!- bugbot changed the topic of #opensuse-project to: Status Reports (Meeting topic: Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!)
14:13:42 <@henne> people and teams send around various workreports/status updates
14:13:55 <@henne> is there anything we need to discuss?
14:14:05 <@henne> or does anyone want to give a status report now?
14:15:57 <@henne> nothing?
14:16:00 <@henne> no one?
14:16:11 < wstephenson> 11.3 status?
14:16:34 < michl> wstephenson: 11.what?
14:16:45 < wstephenson> coolo's mail to -factory last night indicated it was all fine...
14:16:58 <@henne> well then its all fine right?
14:17:05 < wstephenson> seems too good to be true
14:18:40 <@henne> why?
14:18:45 <@henne> if he says so :)
14:18:50 <@henne> don't you trust coolo?
14:19:41 < wstephenson> of course
14:19:42 < michl> you shouldn't trust anyone over 30
14:20:06 < wstephenson> but maybe he's reporting with a narrower focus than in earlier releases
14:21:29 <@henne> anyway. as there are no other questions or reports lets continue
14:21:44 <@henne> #topic Question & Answers
14:21:44 -!- bugbot changed the topic of #opensuse-project to: Question & Answers (Meeting topic: Welcome to the openSUSE Project Meeting!)
14:22:09 <@henne> are there any other general things we need to discuss?
14:23:42 <@henne> any general questions?
14:24:28 <@henne> Okay that's it then. If you have more, don't hesitate to bring it up on the appropriate mailinglist.
14:24:31 <@henne> #info The next project meeting will be in two weeks. Same channel but this time at 16:00 UTC.
14:24:34 <@henne> Thank you all for participating. Good night and good luck!
14:24:38 <@henne> #endmeeting
14:24:38 -!- bugbot changed the topic of #opensuse-project to: Welcome to the openSUSE Project channel. For support /join #opensuse
14:24:38 <@bugbot> Meeting ended Wed Jun 16 12:24:38 2010 UTC.  Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot . (v 0.1.4)
14:24:38 <@bugbot> Minutes:        opensuse-project/2010/opensuse-project.2010-06-16-12.07.html
14:24:38 <@bugbot> Minutes (text): opensuse-project/2010/opensuse-project.2010-06-16-12.07.txt
14:24:38 <@bugbot> Log:            opensuse-project/2010/opensuse-project.2010-06-16-12.07.log.html
14:35:33 < suseROCKs> damn I'm ate....
15:29:44 < darix> apokryphos: ping
15:31:32 < apokryphos> darix: hi
15:32:00 < darix> apokryphos: what did i say about signed mails?
15:32:55 < apokryphos> darix: I use gmail unfortunately
15:33:06 < apokryphos> darix: if you want I can PM it to you in IRC =)
15:37:51 < darix> apokryphos: see query please
15:37:59 < darix> i want to get this done ASAP
15:44:28 < apokryphos> darix: cool!
15:52:56 < _Marcus_> wolfiR: will there be PowerPC support for mozilla/ipc/chromium/src/base/atomicops.h
15:53:01 < _Marcus_> wolfiR: or shpould i try a patch myself=?
16:07:01 < wolfiR> _Marcus_: I don't think that people are currently working on it and it would take some time until someone with interest for PPC comes around
16:07:08 < wolfiR> _Marcus_: ... if you don't do it ;-)
16:09:37 < _Marcus_> ok, one nice side project more.
16:10:30 -!- Irssi: #opensuse-project: Total of 75 nicks [1 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices, 74 normal]
16:15:29 -!- Irssi: #opensuse-project: Total of 76 nicks [1 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices, 75 normal]
16:15:42 -!- Irssi: #opensuse-project: Total of 75 nicks [1 ops, 0 halfops, 0 voices, 74 normal]
17:57:36 < suseROCKs> Where is the main page on openSUSE-Community that lists all the team meeting minutes?
17:58:58 < apokryphos> http://opensuse-community.org/logs/
17:59:35 < suseROCKs> gracias apokryphos
19:59:21  * suseROCKs flexes and gets ready to play with henne 
20:06:26 < suseROCKs> henne, yaloki prusnak michl suseROCKs  Ready?
20:06:45 < prusnak> sure
20:06:48 < michl> ready to rumble
20:07:22 < suseROCKs> don't say rumble.  You know henne is a kitty cat and doesn't like to fight.  :-)
20:08:52 < suseROCKs> guess someone should phone henne
20:10:08 < michl> suseROCKs: I'll do
20:10:57 < suseROCKs> welcome CarlosRibeiro   Glad you are here to observe us.
20:11:23 < CarlosRibeiro> That's my pleasure Lord ;-)
20:11:53 < suseROCKs> careful, you'll make prusnak jealous cuz no one calls him Lord.
20:12:32 < CarlosRibeiro> don't worry we can have as many Lords as we need it ;-)
20:13:07 < suseROCKs> Welcome AJaeger!   We're tracking down other board members, so it will be a momentary time before we start.
20:13:42 <@henne> here
20:13:48 -!- mode/#opensuse-project [+o bugbot] by henne
20:13:50 < AJaeger> Hi suseROCKs!  I'm back later, just wanted to say hi!
20:13:55 <@henne> #startmeeting
20:13:55 <@bugbot> Meeting started Wed Jun 16 18:13:55 2010 UTC.  The chair is henne. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
20:13:55 <@bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
20:14:09 <@henne> #meetingtopic openSUSE Board Meeting
20:14:09 -!- bugbot changed the topic of #opensuse-project to:  (Meeting topic: openSUSE Board Meeting)
20:14:19 <@henne> Welcome to the openSUSE Board Meeting
20:14:26 <@henne> The topics for this meeting are:
20:15:43 <@henne> #  openSUSE Foundation
20:15:43 <@henne> # Where do we fail?
20:15:44 <@henne> # Questions & Answers
20:16:01 < suseROCKs> Wow, we're narrowed down  :-)
20:16:06 <@henne> we did
20:16:14 <@henne> which is a good thing right? :)
20:16:24 < suseROCKs> I feel so naked with so few topics, but I guess I can't really complain
20:16:26 < yaloki> aye
20:16:32 < prusnak> hi pascal!
20:16:36 < suseROCKs> YEAH!  Yaloki's here!
20:16:43 < prusnak> hi pascal!
20:16:53 < yaloki> hi *
20:16:54 < yaloki> :)
20:16:54 < prusnak> sorry for repost :)
20:17:28 < prusnak> do we know what happened to rupert ?
20:17:36 < michl> prusnak: good question
20:17:46 < prusnak> i haven't heard from him since his moving
20:18:05 < suseROCKs> he has a new girlfriend.  Need any more explanation?  :-)
20:18:07 <@henne> i think he's also busy with their DVD mastering etc.
20:18:14 <@henne> and testing
20:18:23 < suseROCKs> *their*?
20:18:35 <@henne> open-slx
20:18:42 < suseROCKs> ah
20:19:37 <@henne> okay lets get going should we? :)
20:19:46 <@henne> #topic openSUSE Foundation
20:19:46 -!- bugbot changed the topic of #opensuse-project to: openSUSE Foundation (Meeting topic: openSUSE Board Meeting)
20:20:31 <@henne> were are we at with this?
20:20:45 <@henne> are we only waiting for the end-of-june deadline to pass by?
20:21:00 < suseROCKs> Presumably its still floating around with Novell ELC
20:21:14 <@henne> is it? michl?
20:21:45 < michl> suseROCKs: not that wrong :-(
20:21:54 < michl> I'm just in conversation with Alan
20:22:09 < michl> there no appointment yet for this Executive meeting
20:22:32 < michl> I'll push this forward
20:22:41 < suseROCKs> there has to be a meeting called about it?   I thought it would just be a pass-around via email or something with the ELC
20:23:51 < yaloki> mm.. ok.. so.. nothing happened yet, so: postpone to next meeting
20:23:55 < michl> suseROCKs: no, there will be meeting where I'll present it to a number of Executives
20:24:07 < suseROCKs> ok
20:24:07 < yaloki> hah! michl in suit mode :D
20:24:42  * suseROCKs wonders if US Dept of Homeland Security will allow michl to fly to Waltham
20:25:04 < michl> suseROCKs: modern times, no flight to Waltam necessary
20:25:25 < michl> phone or video conference is enough
20:26:02 < suseROCKs> so he will wear a suit and tie above where visible by camera and summer shorts below.
20:26:06 <@henne> wow. phone! the wonders of the new age
20:26:31 < michl> suseROCKs: exactely
20:26:50 < suseROCKs> ok so I guess we have no real news on this topic for today.
20:26:58 < yaloki> video conference == suit + shorts
20:27:16 <@henne> okay so next topic then?
20:27:35 < michl> yep
20:28:06 <@henne> #topic Where do we fail?
20:28:06 -!- bugbot changed the topic of #opensuse-project to: Where do we fail? (Meeting topic: openSUSE Board Meeting)
20:28:18 <@henne> we had some action items around that
20:28:24  * henne eyes yaloki 
20:28:46 < suseROCKs> can you remind us what the AI's were?
20:29:25 <@henne> yaloki wanted to announce it :)
20:29:28 < yaloki> hah, dammit
20:29:32 <@henne> so we get more input on this section
20:29:41 < suseROCKs> oh thaaaat
20:29:42 < gnokii> +1
20:30:16 < yaloki> anyone remembers when that meeting was? 2 weeks ago, right ?
20:30:18 <@henne> so this is for next time
20:30:25 < yaloki> yes please, sorry
20:30:32 <@henne> can we talk about something where we fail today? :)
20:30:39 < suseROCKs> I have one....
20:30:45 <@henne> shoot!
20:30:59 < suseROCKs> I meant to bring this up at project meeting today but didn't wake up in time...
20:31:25 < suseROCKs> yesterday apokryphos and I discovered that meetbot wasn't transferring logs to the site since early May.   Thankfully he remedied that
20:32:10 < suseROCKs> but in the course of our discussion, and trying to figure out where to put a home permanently for the meetbot, the question I started thinkinga bout is  what can we do to look at things like bots and other community-supported services so that we can effectively respond quickkly when something isn't working
20:32:23 < suseROCKs> where can we start (and when can we start) putting a permanent home to these services
20:32:39 <@henne> right now
20:32:48 < yaloki> meetbot is being put on a proper host by darix
20:32:57 < yaloki> a server @NUE I believe
20:33:03 < darix> huh?
20:33:15 < suseROCKs> oh darnit.  You awoke darix   :-)
20:33:16 < yaloki> no? I don't know, I wasn't involved :)
20:33:18 < darix> the webhosting stuff will be sorted tomorrow
20:33:29 <@henne> webhosting stuff?
20:33:30 < darix> he will get a vhost on the machine where the bot runs now
20:33:34 < darix> henne: for the logs
20:33:37 < yaloki> mmm
20:33:38 <@henne> k
20:33:42 < yaloki> wait
20:33:47 < darix> and yes it runs in nuremberg now
20:33:58 < yaloki> there is a vserver/vhost/server @NUE where the bot is running right now ?
20:34:01 < darix> nicely made to come back if it crashes
20:34:06 < darix> yaloki: yes
20:34:10 < yaloki> excellent
20:34:28  * yaloki hands some karma kookies to darix :)
20:34:31 < suseROCKs> do we need to get community to donate spaces on their servers collectively or should we have one central place for all this (opensuse-community.org?)
20:34:48 <@henne> we need someone that cares
20:34:53 <@henne> no matter where it is
20:34:56 < darix> suseROCKs: all i need to do
20:35:03 < darix> is modifying the apache config on that host
20:35:19 < darix> but coolo was bothering me with debugging an obs issue (where i am still debugging)
20:35:30 < yaloki> we should have a public list of people to poke when something goes wrong with the bot
20:35:41 < yaloki> (= people who can log in to that server and check the bot's state/restart/...)
20:35:44 < darix> yaloki: apokryphos <-
20:35:51 < yaloki> admin@opensuse.org is certainly one location where I also have my eyes on
20:35:52 < darix> i can help out
20:35:56 < yaloki> okay
20:36:02 < darix> but he is the main resposinble person
20:36:08 < suseROCKs> agreed, yaloki.    Especially with time differences too.   By the time I realized something was wrong, I wasn't sure if anyone in EU was awake
20:36:21 < yaloki> yeah, we might need more spread there
20:36:33 < yaloki> but let's wait and see how stable it is and whether we need to have more admins around the clock
20:36:39 < darix> if the bot crashes
20:36:40 < yaloki> let's fail first :)
20:36:44 < darix> it will come back
20:36:52 < darix> or atleast thats how it is set up
20:36:58 < yaloki> (I wasn't really impressed by the supybot framework so.. stability might be an issue ;))
20:37:05 < suseROCKs> well stability wasn't my main concern in the question.  It was location.  And I think we have that comfortably resolved for now?
20:37:07 < darix> yaloki: you can check ps yourself
20:37:11 < darix> and see how it is set up :p
20:37:20 < yaloki> as a son of init? :)
20:37:25 <@henne> so apokryphos and darix can restart it now?
20:37:27 < darix> yaloki: something like that
20:37:40 < prusnak> we're getting into too much details, not related to board stuff, really
20:37:55 < darix> prusnak: we fail at staying on topic ;p
20:38:04 < darix> or staying focused
20:38:16 <@henne> no no this is perfect hands-on stuff guys :)
20:38:32 < yaloki> let's take the opportunity to spread the information ;)
20:38:35 <@henne> darix: so only you and apokryphos can fix issues now?
20:38:37 < suseROCKs> prusnak,  is right,  I wasn't delving into the technical details but rather the overall infrastructure issue of location.   And like I said, I believe that's now comfortably resolved.
20:38:55 < yaloki> henne: I can log in and check, but I guess I can't sudo to restart it or anything like that
20:38:56 < darix> henne: in theory everyone in my office can aswell. i just havent shown them how to do it yet
20:39:11 < darix> and given i couldnt talk much about it yet either
20:39:13 <@henne> okay. so admin@opensuse.org
20:39:18 < darix> i couldnt ask who else is interested
20:39:21 < darix> but
20:39:22 < yaloki> ok, good to know
20:39:33 < darix> if pascal wants access e.g. 
20:39:36 < darix> he could get it easily
20:40:02 < suseROCKs> Give him access?  Are you nuts?   :-)
20:40:13 < yaloki> sure, I'm always on IRC in the evening, though that's usually the same times as you ^^
20:40:14 < darix> suseROCKs: he already has an account on the machine
20:40:17 <@henne> i have added this to FAIL
20:40:23 <@henne> where else do we fail?
20:40:27 < yaloki> henne: ah, good, I was about to :)
20:40:33 < suseROCKs> was only kidding about yaloki.  We love him!
20:40:56 < prusnak> we fail at attracting more people to these boards meetings
20:40:56 < suseROCKs> henne,   I notice movement now on the mirrors requests to admin@  so seems like we have resolved that fail
20:41:09 <@henne> suseROCKs: jupp i think so too :)
20:41:36 < prusnak> but that's not probably board fail but community fail
20:41:48 <@henne> prusnak: we fail at all this shit because we do it manually :-(
20:41:58 < yaloki> prusnak: true
20:42:09 < suseROCKs> prusnak,   I re-iterate my proposal that I made at our F2F board meeting.  I believe every board member should submit a monthly Board article.  If each of us does that, then we only have to do two articles a year each.
20:42:44 < suseROCKs> people will not come to our meetings (or even Project meetings) if they don't feel engaged.  It is up to us to engage our community
20:42:54 <@henne> i mean the announcing part, the reminder part etc.
20:43:06 < prusnak> we'll see if the strategy discussion will engage community
20:43:18 < suseROCKs> ahh that.  Admittedly, those reminders feel like a chore at times.  Wish we could automate that.
20:43:48 < yaloki> henne: that too
20:43:57 <@henne> yeah we had that task outsourced to SJ
20:44:03 <@henne> he's still on it
20:44:11 < suseROCKs> henne,   is there something we could do on the server side where we can pre-load meeting dates ahead of time (say 4 months worth) and the server sends out an email reminder for those specific dates?
20:44:41 < suseROCKs> we're pretty consistent with our times across the board.
20:45:19 <@henne> suseROCKs: yes. thats what SJ is looking into with 'remind' -> http://www.linux.com/archive/feed/55928
20:45:31 < suseROCKs> oh that.   ok
20:45:40 <@henne> which is a nice commandline tool which i could run on lists.o.o to send out reminders
20:45:55 < suseROCKs> well SJ has had some time gummy lately so we'll let him pass a bit. :-)
20:46:31 <@henne> i'm sure someone else can take over
20:46:46 < suseROCKs> don't look at me.  I got waaaay enough on my plate now!  :-)
20:47:25 <@henne> anyone else? :)
20:47:26 < suseROCKs> ok any other fails to address?
20:47:58 < suseROCKs> I think that's enough really for today.  We can't solve all our failures in one day.  That would just be too efficient and *that* would be a failure
20:48:01 < SJ> oh ! :-) .
20:48:17 < SJ> Is there a deadline , I am kinda running slow these days ? :\
20:48:43 < suseROCKs> SJ,   as long as you complete by end of business tomorrow, there is no deadline.
20:48:49 <@henne> of course not. but each week without this means slow meetings
20:49:13 < SJ> I will try my best and let you know :-) .
20:49:26 <@henne> i know that :)
20:49:37 <@henne> we were just looking for someone to take this off you
20:49:40 <@henne> but we failed ;)
20:50:00 < SJ> okay !
20:50:02 <@henne> okay enough fail of today?
20:50:06 < suseROCKs> yes
20:50:23 < suseROCKs> and then I have a proposal to insert a new topic for upcoming meetings
20:50:30 < yaloki> in the mean time, a paste of last meeting's log http://pastie.org/1007331
20:50:58 <@henne> #topic Questions & Answers
20:50:58 -!- bugbot changed the topic of #opensuse-project to: Questions & Answers (Meeting topic: openSUSE Board Meeting)
20:51:09 <@henne> any other topics we need to discuss?
20:51:12 < suseROCKs> yes
20:51:16 <@henne> shoot
20:51:32 < suseROCKs> As everyone knows, we are about to release the strategy proposals tomorrow (I believe)
20:51:44 < prusnak> we are
20:52:04 < suseROCKs> I just thought of this now, but what I think we should do, in order to foster communication is to ensure a dedicated portion of our board meeting time is set aside for people to discuss strategy
20:52:26 < suseROCKs> and we should make sure people know this in our announcement.
20:52:32 < yaloki> here are the AIs of last meeting: http://pastie.org/1007334
20:53:27 < yaloki> suseROCKs: maybe.. though... that's even more channels
20:53:28 <@henne> suseROCKs: hm. wouldnt that be another meeting?
20:53:40 < yaloki> suseROCKs: we already have the ML, and the forums, and then add IRC as well?
20:53:43 <@henne> and wouldnt that be another thing to keep track of?
20:53:46 < yaloki> I think I'd rather -1
20:53:56 <@henne> ah.
20:53:57 < yaloki> that's more stuff to swallow and merge
20:53:57  * henne lags
20:54:20 < prusnak> -1 for IRC
20:54:32 < suseROCKs> ok
20:54:48 < suseROCKs> -1 too just to be a part of the clique  :-)
20:54:49 < darix> not more channels :p
20:54:59 < prusnak> ML and forums are OK
20:55:00 < yaloki> suseROCKs: an interactive discussion on IRC can indeed be very useful, but as said, yet another channel with content to merge and spread :\
20:55:10 < suseROCKs> darix,  ignore the "channel" thing.  That was someone not paying attention  :-)
20:55:26 < yaloki> "channel" as in "communication channel", not "IRC channel" :)
20:56:02 < suseROCKs> yaloki,  at the same time however, getting people here to the discussion will get them to realize the existence of our board meetings and once the strategy discussions are over, hopefully they stick around
20:56:13 < suseROCKs> kind of a dual-pronged goal  (I'm devious that way)
20:56:40 < suseROCKs> but the drawback would be that such discussions would possibly run longer than the standard time alloted for a board meeting  :-(
20:57:08 <@henne> goal!
20:57:13 <@henne> ups ;)
20:57:42 < yaloki> yes, but no :)
20:57:51 <@henne> but yes but no
20:57:51 < suseROCKs> heh
20:58:03 < suseROCKs> but that's ok.  we can drop this motion.  I won't hold it against you all  :-)
20:58:45 < suseROCKs> ok anything else guys?
20:59:17 < yaloki> seems not
20:59:30 < yaloki> anyone else with topics to bring up? or just alive? :)
20:59:36  * yaloki vuvuzelas henne 
20:59:47 < suseROCKs> yeah,  how's the euro these days?
20:59:57  * darix kicks yaloki somewhere, where it really hurts
21:00:00 < michl> 1.23 or so
21:00:20  * suseROCKs wished he was in Europe at 1.18
21:00:37 < suseROCKs> that 5.90 for a can of coke really kicked ass in Paris!  Sheesh!
21:00:48 < michl> suseROCKs: ts, ts different view, different interest
21:00:50  * cboltz wonders if a vuvunzela filter live CD (to filter the TV sound) would attract new users
21:01:01 < gnokii> michl 1.21
21:01:03 < darix> cboltz: +1
21:01:10 < yaloki> cboltz: lol
21:01:22 < michl> gnokii: which is pretty close to 1.23 ;-)
21:01:30 < yaloki> ok, meeting done ?
21:01:34 < gnokii> yes
21:01:34 < michl> gnokii: you nit picker, you
21:01:37 < darix> cboltz: http://twitpic.com/1vwlun
21:01:45 < cboltz> darix, yaloki: the technical side is quite easy: you just have to filter out some frequencies
21:02:21 <@henne> okay
21:02:32 <@henne> thats it then. thanks everybody for participating
21:02:39 <@henne> #endmeeting
21:02:39 -!- bugbot changed the topic of #opensuse-project to: Welcome to the openSUSE Project channel. For support /join #opensuse
21:02:41 < suseROCKs> you're welcome henne
21:03:06 < suseROCKs> hmm   why isn't bugbot listing the URLs for the logs now?
21:03:37 <@henne> i dont know
21:03:42 <@henne> i also don't see a raw log
21:03:49  * darix bets "it hit some apparmor rule"
21:04:10  * suseROCKs knows not to bet against darix.  suseROCKs would lose!
21:04:30 <@henne> darix: can you fix that?
21:04:38 < darix> "no"
21:05:41 < darix> can it wait until tomorrow?
21:05:46 < cboltz> darix: if you need help with apparmor, just ask
21:06:08 < darix> cboltz: it is just that i couldnt test the meetbot feature when we set it up earlier
21:06:17 <@henne> darix: sure
21:06:26 < darix> so it might be it just ran into "cant execute rsync" and then the plugin code died
21:06:30 < darix> and forgot to announce the url
21:06:39 <@henne> darix: i don't always mean NOW ;)
21:06:47 < yaloki> henne: you mean NAO
21:06:58 < cboltz> or "yesterday" *eg*
21:52:14 < darix> ok supybots config is stupid
21:52:18 < darix> apokryphos: ping
21:52:23 < yaloki> yesitis
21:52:36 < darix> yaloki: it uses relative paths for everything
21:52:41 < yaloki> yup
21:52:42 < darix> and it couldnt write into the CWD
21:52:48 < yaloki> I know, I tried to use it for a bot once
21:52:54 < darix> so i can just make a log from my irssi later
21:53:50  * yaloki also needs an irssi-to-bugbot.pl
21:54:08 <@henne> hehe
21:54:24 < yaloki> might actually even write that
21:55:39 < darix> ell
21:55:57 < darix> i need apokryphos help with that.
22:44:09 < cenuij> did the IRC world somehow turn against Eggdrop?
23:20:51 < suseROCKs> cenuij,   Did you drop an egg?
23:21:11  * cenuij gently sniffs the air
23:21:33 < cenuij> I smell roses, so it was not me
23:21:43 < suseROCKs> :-)
23:25:17 < cenuij> I equate IRC bots to Weblogs, everyone writes the app at some point but eventually when their initial fervour runs out they end up using the oldest/most popular bot/blog app
23:26:04 < cenuij> I have personnaly written 2 IRC bots and 3 blogging apps, none of which i use today :)
23:27:53 < cenuij> That's not to say that i would not use them in future, but if the boxes are ticked already (the code is solid, the license is good, the code is maintained)
23:30:16 < Siju> right, my last eggdrop-compile is Apr2009
23:30:31 < cenuij> and it's still up I would imagine?
23:30:34 < Siju> solid as a rock
23:30:38 < cenuij> exactly
23:31:33 < Siju> yeah still up, kernelupdates killed my uptimes
23:31:52 < Siju> and nice tcl-interfaces
