<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:02:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:02:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Sep  8 18:02:47 2010 UTC.  The chair is henne. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:02:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:03:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Board Meeting</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:03:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Welcome to the openSUSE Board Meeting
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:03:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> The topics for this meeting are:
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:03:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> moin
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:03:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 1. openSUSE Foundation
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:03:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 2. Trademark Approval Process
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:04:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 3. Status Membership Approvals
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:04:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 4. Where do we need to improve ?
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> 5. Questions &amp; Answers
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:05:04 </span><span class="nka">* VenomVelvet</span> <span class="ac">is looking interestedly</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:05:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hi hi i'mma here!
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:06:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> who else is here?
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:06:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> is it just me and henne?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:06:40 </span><span class="nka">* michl</span> <span class="ac">is alive and attending</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:06:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and michl
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:06:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> prusnak excused himself
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:07:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> you have got several bystanders suseROCKs
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yaloki?
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:07:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> VenomVelvet,   Innocent Bystanders  ;-)
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:07:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yaloki?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:08:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;inotifyAPI&gt;</span> wir sind alle hier
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:08:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> henne, suseROCKs: yes?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:08:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   Do you speak German?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> oh, forgot
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:09:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> but almost on time :D
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> so let's get started
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:09:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> right now? no
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:09:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Foundation</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:10:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> openSUSE Foundation - the never ending stor
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:10:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> y
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:10:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:10:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> so basically, we're still waiting on whether novell will fund the foundation or not, right ?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:10:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> Jos, Alan and myself had a conversation and Jos changed the proposal a bit
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:10:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> can we set a deadline please?
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:10:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> huh?  changed the proposal?
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:11:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> in what way?
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:11:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> into more the style of the a foundation driving funds/spreading budget and taking action for legal staff
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:11:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> no technical decision making
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:11:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> but that's pretty much what we already said
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ack
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:11:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> and Alan planned to be in NÃ¼rnberg next week and we planned to meet there to again do another round for finalization
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:12:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> and yesterday or on Monday Alan cancelled his trip to Germany due to some reason
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:12:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so when can you re-propose it to novell?
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:12:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i'm getting the feeling that we should just use another name
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:13:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and skip all this
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:13:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> we need to set up a meeting with Alan, do the finalization, agree with you guys
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:13:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> and then can propose it again
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:13:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok here's my stance right now...
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:13:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we're dragging and dragging here.  With no end in sight and no real light at the end of the tunnel
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:14:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> meanwhile, we heear constantly people wanting to see funds so they can get sponsored to spread the word of openSUSE
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:14:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we have certain people who are losing money like a broken leaky faucet paying for things out of their own pockets on a monthly basis with no end in sight
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:15:04 </span><span class="nka">* yaloki</span> <span class="ac">waves</span>
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:15:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> get to the point please :)
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:15:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> no need to be dramatic...
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:15:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I believe I gave the points
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:15:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> you did
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:15:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> brb
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:16:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so what now?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:16:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> and any conclusion to your points ?
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:17:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well michl   A question that has arisen in the past is whether we set up an organization with or without Novell's support
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:18:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Concerns that Novell has for some rather minor details and not readily recognizing the overarching need is a concern and it further deteroriates rather than spurs growth of our community
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:18:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So at this point I have to ask ....  do we sit around and wait any more?
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:19:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> thats what we are trying to devide
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:19:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so whats your stance on this?
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:19:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> decide*
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:19:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   i hope you meant decide  :-)   we have enough division as it is
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:20:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so i think that we should go with "some other name e.v."
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:20:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and go without initial funding
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:20:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm not 100% sure henne.   We've put a lot of stock into what we thought would happen with the founding of a foundation in partnership with Novell.    Now we have to think about our alternatives and whether to go it alone (which means we won't even have certain rights)
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:21:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> but please remember that and e.V. or other kind of foundation should own the trademarks to do its duty successfully
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:21:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> may I?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:21:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   that may be our only choice although "some other name e.V." is going to be a big problem too.  There's already naming confusion out there.
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:21:51 </span><span class="nka">* AlbertoP</span> <span class="ac">reads "trademarks" and coughs :)</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:21:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we've put a lot of stock into Novell paying for the foundation creation and give it seed money
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:21:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> VenomVelvet,   Certainly
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:22:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> obviously its harder to achieve then we thought
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:22:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so lets do it without money from novell
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:22:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> we always said that taking in donation and spreading them was prio 1
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:23:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and for the we can be arschkrampen e.v.
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:23:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> as long as people give us their money
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I'll bite... whats an arschrampen?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:23:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and we don't have to own the trademarks
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> never ask :)
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:23:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> but arschkrampen e.V. will hardly get donations for openSUSE
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:23:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> As I got it from previous meetings, the main goal was to a) open up broader ressources for the community and b) have something to say in where to openSUSE goes as the community. So I do not see any point in going without novell. Initial funding from them should be there as well as founding the e.V. will cost some money too and you do not want to pay for that privately. And you should not...
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:23:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> ...have to do it.
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:24:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">VenomVelvet:</span> b) is nonsense
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:24:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">VenomVelvet:</span> and we talk about the initial funding and seed money
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:25:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> why is that?
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:25:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> it is? I remember a meeting about half a year ago. there was something like to give the community a voice in novells way of doing things. That will not work when the e.V. is without novell I guess?
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:25:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> one primary goal is the funding of travel sponsorships and materials.   I don't know how we're going to achieve that in the near future if we can only get drips/drabs donations and no seed to start with.   :-(
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">18:26:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> simple because its not the official openSUSE foundation
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">18:26:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">VenomVelvet:</span> "give the community a voice in novells way of doing things." huh?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">18:26:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> VenomVelvet,  Well... that's the question here.  If such a foundation enables the community to have a stronge voice and Novell is let's just say slow to support this foundation...  then we're not achieving that goal right now, are we?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">18:26:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> why isnt it? we can start it and declare it
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">18:26:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> not travelling and maybe concentrating on what is accessible to much more people? Like a decent network identity (let's say our websites do not give exactly the image of healthy community) ;-)
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">18:27:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> you may be able to collect some donations from friends and family but I doubt companies will donate there or become an openSSE sponsor via a name e.V.
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">18:27:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> the other choice, as it becomes obvious, is to have nothgin at all
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">18:27:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> why?
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">18:27:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> Would some kind of email petition with thousands of signees speed novell up a bit?
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">18:27:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> becuase its not names openSUSE e.v. ?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">18:27:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> named*
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">18:27:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> yes
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">18:28:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> so the inner circle knows about name e.V. is openSUSE
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">18:28:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> anyone else needs explanation
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">18:28:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> why?
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">18:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we can even announce it?
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">18:28:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">VenomVelvet:</span> we will never have a say in how novell uses its money
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">18:28:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> haha
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">18:28:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl is correct.  That's the whole point of value in a "trademark" because it creates identity.   And it will be confusing to have openSUSE project and The-Foundation-that-shall-not-be-named-simiarly
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">18:28:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> what if the purpose of the e.V. is sponsoring openSUSE and you acknowledge who sponsor XXX e.V. on openSUSE stuff? Is that impossible?
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">18:28:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">VenomVelvet:</span> one idea is to have some budget from novell (= funding) that the foundation can control
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">18:29:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> i'm serious
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">18:29:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> yes. and the trademark agreement if I got that right
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">18:29:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> maybe you remember Prince when he wasn't allowed to use his name anymore
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">18:29:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michael_,   henne is too young to remember Prince.  :-)
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">18:29:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bitshuffler&gt;</span> so you want it to be "The foundation formerly intended to be called openSUSE e.V. e.V"?
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">18:30:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> as long as the opensuse project declaers Geekos e.v. as its official foundation to take donations
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">18:30:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bitshuffler, in a nutshell, that's basically what it has to be without Novell's blessing
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">18:30:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the name does not matter
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">18:30:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> another hihi
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">18:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I believe the name _does_ matter
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">18:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> it's about trust
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">18:31:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> thank you yaloki
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">18:31:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> having an "openSUSE foundation" would be a lot better
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">18:31:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> I remember Novell Linux Desktop
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">18:31:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> then again, we can't wait indefinitely for funding either
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">18:31:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> one it was changed to SUSE Linux Enterprise Desktop
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">18:31:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay the name matters a little
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">18:31:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> it matters as long as doing this thing does not require centuries. And it all depends on how you market it.
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">18:31:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> do you have an idea of a timeline ? what sort of time frame are we looking at ?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">18:31:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> because of the value/recognition/brand of SUSE
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">18:31:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlbertoP:</span> agreed
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">18:32:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> that is product. we talk donations
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">18:32:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i remember prince changing his name to symbol and people still buy his recorda
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">18:32:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> records
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">18:32:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">18:32:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> no, it recognition, brand etc - doesn't matter if its a product, project or anyhting else
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">18:32:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> that is artist. this is donations
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">18:32:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> openSUSE is damned well known
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">18:32:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so please stop comaring apples with bananas
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">18:33:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> ultimately, if we have no alternative, I agree, better a foundation with a different name than no foundation at all
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">18:33:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> but let's see what sort of time frame we're looking at
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">18:33:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I believe it's still worth waiting a bit to see what comes out of it
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">18:33:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> no one can tell you
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">18:33:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> well from what i gather here we're not at the point
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">18:33:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> right?
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">18:33:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> (and I'm the one losing money here)
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">18:33:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i think we are.
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">18:33:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   Can you give us a better idea of where we are heading?   Is there better optimism than before?  same?
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">18:33:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> when we started this adventure sometime in spring we thought we're done with the paper work in June/july time frame
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">18:34:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> set the foundation up and have a big foundation party at the conference
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">18:34:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:34:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> the only thing we know now, this won't happen
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:34:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> at the conference
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:34:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> right
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:34:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we don't know when this will happen at all
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:34:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> or if
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:34:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> right
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:34:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and the other thing we know now... we don't even have a idea of what to say at the conference about where we're headed
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:35:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we can't even technically say "its in the works"
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:35:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> ok, so, basically, finishing the paperwork is something we can estimate, can't we ?
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:35:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so, i'm repeating myself but, can we set a deadline please?
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:35:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> or are we dependent on alan who only has time once every two months ?
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:35:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> yes, we can
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:35:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> ok, so what we don't know about is how long it'll take upmost management to read it + give a reply
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:36:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> what sort of timeframe are we talking about for finishing the paperwork then, what do you think ?
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:36:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   deadline for?    Deadline for finishing paperwork to Novell?  Or deadline for when we say  if you cross this date with no action, we proceed on our own?
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:36:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> the latter, I believe
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:36:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> I think by end of next week, latest till Sep 22/23
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:36:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the latter yes
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:37:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think we need to do a better job of campaigning for a foundation
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:37:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> ok, excellent
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:37:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> and then it will be sent, right?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:37:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> and then we have no idea
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:37:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> again challenging will be to get an appointment with the Execs
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:37:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we haven't really blogged, written, etc. much about why we need a foundation and all that.   We haven't made great public groundswell of support that would make Novell notice and pay attention to the issue more.
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:38:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> like they would notice that..
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:38:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sometimes we get surprised and they do notice  :-)
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:38:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> and I wouldn't really write about it know, I wouldn't want to disappoint people
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:38:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> because it takes so long or even because it wouldn't happen
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:39:03 </span><span class="nka">* AlbertoP</span> <span class="ac">agrees with yaloki</span>
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:39:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> never. ever.
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:39:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but if we *want* their investment into the foundation, and we're not getting anywhere under the current circumstances, then the campaign is a last ditch effort before we strike out on our own.
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:39:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> well
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:39:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> the thing is
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:39:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> they don't notice... sure...  and we don't shout from the highest mountaintops neither.
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:39:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and Novell in this case is people we have to deal with
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:39:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> please don't forget this
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:39:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> even more important than the foundation having the name "opensuse"
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:40:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> it's the bad image for novell if the foundation doesn't
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:40:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> its not the company switchboard we're talking about
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:40:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> "we are the geekoz e.V. because novell didn't want to give us the right to use opensuse in our name"
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:40:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> what about an online petition to novell?
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:40:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> guys
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:40:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> please
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:41:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> don't get riddicolus. we are dealing with people here
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:41:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> not a bad name... not a bad name! ;-)
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:41:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and making publicity stunt never helps when you deal with people
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:41:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlbertoP:</span> we can't even use that one, it's trademarked as well
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:41:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   I recognize that we have to deal with Novell and should do so with some decorum.  But you can't always ask us to just sit by timidly and idly.
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:41:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> people that ignores we exist :)
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:42:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlbertoP:</span> absolutely not true
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:42:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> really? lol...what didn't they trademark?
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:42:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlbertoP:</span> I mean "geeko"
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:42:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> the result speak clearly
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:42:25 </span><span class="nka">* wolfiR</span> <span class="ac">likes Geekoz e.V. fwiw</span>
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:42:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> heheh
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:42:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> i'm not saying we should sit by
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:42:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:42:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> so, a deadline
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:42:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlbertoP:</span> to your tinfoil ears maybe :)
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:43:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> just because I am direct and say what I think... LOL
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:43:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> based on your experience, what could be a realistic timeframe that would still give them a chance to read + reply ?
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:43:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> 2 months, 3 months ?
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:43:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlbertoP:</span> we speak about people that do awesome things for opensuse. including money, backing and everything
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:43:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> let's get back to the topic and move on
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:43:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I have a proposal
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:43:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> tough question
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:44:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> as said, results are not visible
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:44:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> we won't kill you if you're wrong :))
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:44:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> may I make a proposal now?
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:44:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> how long did it take for the first one, from poking to reply ?
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">18:44:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> I'd say by end of October it should be possible to read, reply and/or accept/reject
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">18:44:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">18:44:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> that doesn't sound too bad
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">18:45:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> how about first week of november for a deadline ?
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">18:45:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> but I know October 31st is end of Fiscal Year
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">18:45:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> ah
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">18:45:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think October isn't realistic either.   Let's give them to Dec 1
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">18:45:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> which means, bad timing for funding ?
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">18:45:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> and then we're heading to Thanksgiving season were the US literally is closed for almost 2 weeks
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">18:46:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and you can't get anything done in the second half of december either
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">18:46:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> nah   we still work during holiday weeks.   We're not Europeans  :-)
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">18:46:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> hm but if its that late then we miss the conference to do something
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">18:46:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,  well if you'd let me make a proposal here, I can respond to that
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">18:46:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> ok, shoot
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">18:46:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> we need to poke Alan to speed it up
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">18:47:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> clearly, yes
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">18:47:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Proposal:</span>  We do go by whatever deadline we agree to as the make-or-break date for Novell involvment.  But simultaneously during that period we already begin exploring our Plan B options.  And we do this publicly and visibly
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">18:47:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> as the annoyance people have here is good to understand as there is no visible progress for several months
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">18:48:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and i don't think poking is the means we need to explore further
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">18:48:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> is there anyone we can poke to get it quicker to the higher levels, gerald maybe?
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">18:48:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i think what suseROCKs proposes is a very good idea
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">18:49:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> This proposal achieves the following:  Gives Novell adequate chance to respond, gives us a chance to be prepared in case of a nay so we don't have to start all over again, gives us the chance to nudge a little pressure by discussing publicly what we intend if we have to do Plan B and ultimately also gives us a chance to go ahead and discuss at conference sooner
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">18:49:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> we can involve him but I don't know if this helps
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">18:49:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> mkay
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">18:50:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> although, tbh, I don't think there is much to be discussed
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">18:50:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> the plan/purpose is clear
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">18:50:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> the legal shmoo/todo is very complex, but nothing to discuss at the conf
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">18:50:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yaloki,   well obviously we're going to have to discuss a name at the very least  :-)
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">18:50:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> whether/how to get funding is.. well.. no idea
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">18:50:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> Geeko e.V., done
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">18:50:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">18:51:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> or The Geeko Bunch, maybe
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">18:51:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> at at the conference, really we should have a "What do YOU want in a foundation?"  as we've never really asked our community that directly.
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">18:51:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> ok, true
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">18:51:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> a 30min session about that, good idea
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">18:51:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yaloki,    The Save Yaloki Foundation  :-)
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">18:51:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">18:51:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> people elected us so we decide these things guys
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">18:51:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> Save Geeko sounds better :)
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">18:51:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we could present our idea
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">18:51:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> which is independend of novell funding or not
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">18:51:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> of course, but we can still discuss whether people have additional ideas
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">18:52:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> agreed
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">18:52:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and at the same time could present the two ways it could go
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">18:52:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> "The Green Cross" ;D
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">18:52:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> yes
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">18:52:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> nah! suseROCKs stole votes promising geeko plushes! ;-)
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">18:52:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and then discuss and ask for feedback
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">18:52:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> I think that's actually what suseROCKs proposed, implicitly ;D
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">18:52:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AlbertoP,  and I had actual plushies stolen from me before I even saw one!
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">18:53:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yaloki,   si, that's it
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">18:53:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> too implicit for me ;)
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">18:53:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AlbertoP:</span> yeah he's all promises
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">18:53:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> now it's explicit
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">18:53:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay so now back to the topic of the deadline
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">18:53:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> january 15
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">18:53:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> fair enough!
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">18:54:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i think the conference is a nice point in time
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">18:54:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> that's more then fair
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">18:54:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> for the deadline???
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">18:54:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">18:54:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 5 weeks from now?
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">18:54:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> noway
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">18:54:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> mid january
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">18:54:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> realistic time frame to give a chance to novell to reply
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">18:54:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we could do the initial meeting for the e.v. there
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">18:54:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hint:</span> would be nice to announce it when a release is done (if possible, clearly)... would add momentum and increase downloads :P
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">18:54:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and for us to prep
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">18:55:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> you waited long...some more month does not hurt :P
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">18:55:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> sorry, way too early, that won't give a realistic chance to novell to reply
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">18:55:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> why not?
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">18:55:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> if we take it 5 weeks from now, we can as well directly go without novell
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">18:55:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">18:55:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but we already tried months
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">18:55:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> given that half of december is useless, and 1-2 weeks in january too
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">18:55:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> its not that this is a new idea
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">18:55:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I'd say mid january
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">18:56:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   Yes but this time we're gong to do months with pressure  :-)
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">18:56:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> yeah but cmon, if we have a clear plan, if we have enough time to prepare everything, I think it's perfectly OK for it to take a few more months
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">18:56:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> there was totally no pressure in the last rounds
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">18:56:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> yep
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">18:56:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> let's not put ourselves under pressure to find out what needs to be done legally in 5 weeks
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">18:56:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> don't underestimate that
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">18:56:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> whats there to prepare?
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">18:57:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> the paperwork, the statuses, find people for the election of the foundation board
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">18:57:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> you yourself said 5 minutes aog: we discussed all the legal shmoo already
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">18:57:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> eg bylaws
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">18:57:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> I didn't say that
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">18:57:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> discussion doesn't mean it created and ready
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">18:58:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> i didnt say that. i said we have 5 weeks to create bylaws for a very simple verein
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">18:58:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> sounds very reasonable to me
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">18:58:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> hmh
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">18:58:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> here's a point to highlight henne ....   you want a shortened deadline period, but even today just now, we're already talking record-breaking one hour on just this one topic.    It's a sigggggn, dude  :-)
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">18:58:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   who's going to work ont he bylaws for the next 5 weeks?   Not me!
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">18:58:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> personally, I still don't know 100% what needs to be done for the legalese
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">18:58:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> Jan 15?
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">18:59:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and rupert doesn't seem to have any time on his hands
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">18:59:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> so either we find some time frame rupert can commit to, or we have to $ for a lawyer
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">18:59:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> well there are millions of e.v. in germany
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">18:59:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> it can't be that hard
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">19:00:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> but there is a difference between a hobbies e.V. of 20 people
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">19:00:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> and a foundation like openSUSE
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">19:00:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> huh why?
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">19:00:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> I believe we want a satisfactory degree of safety for the future
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">19:00:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> at least, I want it
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">19:00:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that's true.  at least here int he United states.  different classes of exemption exists for different types of organizations.
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">19:00:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and that means going through a lawyer or someone else with expertise
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">19:00:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> there are quite a few loopholes
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">19:01:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> let's vote
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">19:02:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so we can move on cuz there's no point discussing this topic any further
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">19:02:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 5w or mid-jan
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">19:02:18 </span><span class="nka">* yaloki</span> <span class="ac">mid-jan</span>
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">19:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So there's two votes actually...  Vote #1 is:  Deadline October 20th or Jan 15Th?
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">19:02:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Mid-January
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">19:02:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> Mid-January
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">19:02:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay :)
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">19:02:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Rupert... your vote please?
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">19:02:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">19:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> let's poke rupert and pavol by email
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">19:03:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> Mid-January (I do not have a vote do I? ;))
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">19:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok and the second vote is... do we agree to begin exploring our Plan B and discussing the state of Foundation at Conference?
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">19:03:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">19:03:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">19:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yes
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">19:03:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I can take the AI of making a presentation
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">19:03:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yes
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">19:03:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> you would have to take the AI to find a slot
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">19:04:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> a few slides to introduce the topic, what we've decided, done so far, the options, and then discuss
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">19:04:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we're way past the programm deadline...
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">19:04:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Do we have a dedicated board slot?
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">19:04:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> doesn't matter
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">19:04:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> if there isn't time for a BoF talk like that, the conference is pointless
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">19:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> AI to me then, I'll also poke the conf committee for a slot
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">19:05:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> we'll also have to talk about what needs to be done next
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">19:05:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> let's not forget to use #action here
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">19:05:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I'd really love to have a clear outline of what needs to be done in terms of legalese
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">19:05:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and #info for what we have voted upon today
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">19:05:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">yaloki poke conference committee for a slot + foundation presentation at the conference</span>
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">19:05:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs yaloki michl</span>
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">19:05:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: henne michl suseROCKs yaloki
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">19:05:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">yaloki poke conference committee for a slot + foundation presentation at the conference</span>
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">19:06:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> not sure it works.. but.. umm.. nevermind
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">19:06:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I'll add it to retrospectiva too
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">19:06:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 21:05:28 &lt; yaloki&gt; I'd really love to have a clear outline of what needs to be done in terms of legalese
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">19:06:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> but I guess that only rupert can do that
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">19:06:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> and he seems to be out of free time
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">19:06:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Board has decided to self-impose a Jan15, 2011 deadline for response from Novell on a Foundation before switching to Plan B</span>
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">19:06:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> there are a lot of pages on the internet
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">19:06:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> s/out of/short of/
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">19:06:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> i can digg into that
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">19:07:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> would someone take that as an AI ?
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">19:07:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> ok, excellent
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">19:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Board agrees to begin developing Plan B visibly and publicly before the Jan 15, 2011 deadline and discussing it at the openSUSE Conference</span>
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">19:07:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">henne make a summary of what needs to be done in terms of legalese for an e.V.</span>
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">19:07:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> next topic then
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">19:07:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> hm
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">19:07:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> or should we also post about it somewhere ?
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">19:08:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yaloki,   yes that's part of the "publicly and visbily"  it was implicit  :-)
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">19:08:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> news.o.o ?
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">19:08:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> not sure it's news.. but..
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">19:08:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> might be better than on a personal blog
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">19:08:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> or do we still have the spotlight thingy? ;)
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">19:08:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i can do a posting on news.o.o about the session at the conference
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">19:09:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> once you have details
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">19:09:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well we decided to condense everything to news  so its moot to dig that issue up again
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">19:09:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and once the conference is finally announced
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">19:09:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> we have, last post from January 8 or so
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">19:09:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> I'll make a post once I've prepared the slides, same work anyway
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">19:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">19:09:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> l
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">19:09:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> timeframe &lt;=1week from now
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">19:09:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> that ok?
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">19:09:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">19:10:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">yaloki initial post/summary about foundation, plan B, next steps, session at conference</span>
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">19:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">yaloki make news.o.o posting about the conference BoF session about the foundation</span>
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">19:10:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> ok, next topic then
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">19:10:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#undo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">19:10:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Removing item from minutes: &lt;MeetBot.items.Action object at 0x1983b10&gt;
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">19:10:45 </span><span class="nka">* yaloki</span> <span class="ac">does a memory dump of meetbot to check that 0x1983b10</span>
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">19:10:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Trademark Approval Process</span>
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">19:11:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> huge succes on trademark approval
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">19:11:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> I could approve one requester
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">19:11:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> is that still something we need to discuss or is that a leftover from the last meeting?
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">19:11:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl and I need to gain some time together to go through the trademark guidelines.  We're both in and out lately but will get it done soon.
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">19:11:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> then I hit the case the retro didn't allow me to chance anything
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">19:11:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> I asked Pavol and he said that happens sometimes
<a name="l-413"></a><span class="tm">19:12:03 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">finds retro frustrating as a tool</span>
<a name="l-414"></a><span class="tm">19:12:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> unfortunatelly it happened always over days to me
<a name="l-415"></a><span class="tm">19:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> good! Make it simple :)
<a name="l-416"></a><span class="tm">19:12:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> so?
<a name="l-417"></a><span class="tm">19:12:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> I don't care about the tool, but we really need to have a ticketing system
<a name="l-418"></a><span class="tm">19:12:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AlbertoP&gt;</span> we need easy rules for derivatives (well mine is a disaster of complication...so I'll have to debrand probably) :P
<a name="l-419"></a><span class="tm">19:12:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> so at the end I gave up because I love not working tools
<a name="l-420"></a><span class="tm">19:13:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yaloki,   sure. but this tool isn't that effective to use.  And there's a bit of bureaucracy to it
<a name="l-421"></a><span class="tm">19:14:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> can we please stick for once to something? :(
<a name="l-422"></a><span class="tm">19:14:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but that's not the topic here
<a name="l-423"></a><span class="tm">19:14:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> topic here is we're getting the approvals done and that's WUNDERBAR!
<a name="l-424"></a><span class="tm">19:15:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> anything else or next topic ?
<a name="l-425"></a><span class="tm">19:15:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and secondary topic is that Michl and I will narrow down the time to review the guidelines together.
<a name="l-426"></a><span class="tm">19:15:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So we can move on.
<a name="l-427"></a><span class="tm">19:15:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> not exactly, we would get the approvals done if retro would let me change the state of a request
<a name="l-428"></a><span class="tm">19:15:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> show me tomorrow
<a name="l-429"></a><span class="tm">19:15:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   meaning you can't send out ack's to the requesters without changing in retro state?
<a name="l-430"></a><span class="tm">19:16:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> i will try to solve it
<a name="l-431"></a><span class="tm">19:16:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> it doesn't make sense to send out email but the status in retro is wrong
<a name="l-432"></a><span class="tm">19:16:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> henne â michl tomorrow
<a name="l-433"></a><span class="tm">19:16:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> next item
<a name="l-434"></a><span class="tm">19:17:05 </span><span class="nka">* michl</span> <span class="ac">is looking forward welcoming henne tomorrow</span>
<a name="l-435"></a><span class="tm">19:17:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> whoooaaa  yaloki can draw arrows on IRC!
<a name="l-436"></a><span class="tm">19:17:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status Membership Approvals</span>
<a name="l-437"></a><span class="tm">19:17:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> unicode ftw
<a name="l-438"></a><span class="tm">19:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> ã
<a name="l-439"></a><span class="tm">19:17:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> is that still something we need to discuss or is that a leftover from the last meeting?
<a name="l-440"></a><span class="tm">19:17:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> at the last meeting or actually just after the last meeting, some people were asking if there was a workflow map of the process.  Did that question get resolved?
<a name="l-441"></a><span class="tm">19:18:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> what I can see from users.o.o we have progress
<a name="l-442"></a><span class="tm">19:18:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> but details I assume just prusnak could give us
<a name="l-443"></a><span class="tm">19:18:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   Define "progress"  from your POV
<a name="l-444"></a><span class="tm">19:18:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> or is there anyone of the membership team who can give us an update
<a name="l-445"></a><span class="tm">19:18:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wolfiR,   You around?
<a name="l-446"></a><span class="tm">19:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> last time I checked we had 430 members now we have 436
<a name="l-447"></a><span class="tm">19:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> membership requests being worked off
<a name="l-448"></a><span class="tm">19:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> prusnak gave us a (hopefully) full workflow description
<a name="l-449"></a><span class="tm">19:19:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wolfiR,   and did that improve the way you were able to work?
<a name="l-450"></a><span class="tm">19:19:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> i â¬ prusnak
<a name="l-451"></a><span class="tm">19:19:53 </span><span class="nka">* yaloki</span> <span class="ac">hands henne some soap</span>
<a name="l-452"></a><span class="tm">19:20:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> yes, currently I see one point which I'm not comfortable with
<a name="l-453"></a><span class="tm">19:20:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> did he give this just to you guys or is this publically written in the wiki somewhere?
<a name="l-454"></a><span class="tm">19:20:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> I think it just came via mailinglist
<a name="l-455"></a><span class="tm">19:20:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> we currently have a lot of applications which will get rejected
<a name="l-456"></a><span class="tm">19:20:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> but I'm wondering what people get currently once they are rejected
<a name="l-457"></a><span class="tm">19:21:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> then it get lost or at least is not accessibl for people which will join the team in the future
<a name="l-458"></a><span class="tm">19:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> then AI for prusnak ;-)
<a name="l-459"></a><span class="tm">19:21:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wolfiR,   We really don't have any follow up process for rejectees in the sense that we try to cultivate them into potential members.  This is something I've long dreamed of changing though.
<a name="l-460"></a><span class="tm">19:22:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> not knowing what they actually get makes it worse for me
<a name="l-461"></a><span class="tm">19:22:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wolfiR,   Ok so here's my qeustion about the current process now that you have a clearer worlkflow...   How much more speedup does that improve?   What can we assume is an expect amount of output on a monthly basis?
<a name="l-462"></a><span class="tm">19:23:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> it used to be a friendly email by AJ saying that "not yet"..."but please keep contributing"..."reapply later"..etc..
<a name="l-463"></a><span class="tm">19:23:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> actually we now import requests from users into retro what we didn't before
<a name="l-464"></a><span class="tm">19:23:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> what do they get?
<a name="l-465"></a><span class="tm">19:23:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> still a mail from you?
<a name="l-466"></a><span class="tm">19:23:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> no
<a name="l-467"></a><span class="tm">19:23:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but?
<a name="l-468"></a><span class="tm">19:24:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> I assume they get kind of the same mail automatically by retro
<a name="l-469"></a><span class="tm">19:24:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I see that for rejecting we are still too slow (probably because other people think the same as I do)
<a name="l-470"></a><span class="tm">19:24:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> at least prusnak asked for the email templates and received them
<a name="l-471"></a><span class="tm">19:24:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> and he told me he would implement them somehow in the process
<a name="l-472"></a><span class="tm">19:25:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> uhm
<a name="l-473"></a><span class="tm">19:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wolfiR,   State what your specific concern is about how people are rejected.
<a name="l-474"></a><span class="tm">19:26:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> we had a proposal to "autoreject" after a certain time if we don't get enough positive votes
<a name="l-475"></a><span class="tm">19:26:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I've never personally liked the way we rejected but I'm just one man myself.  :-)
<a name="l-476"></a><span class="tm">19:26:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh I wouldn't want an autoreject
<a name="l-477"></a><span class="tm">19:26:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that sounds like a dangerous tool  :-)
<a name="l-478"></a><span class="tm">19:26:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> autoreject makes no sense at all
<a name="l-479"></a><span class="tm">19:26:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> you can't automate this
<a name="l-480"></a><span class="tm">19:27:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> but having rejects sitting for three months is not nice
<a name="l-481"></a><span class="tm">19:27:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> aeh, requests
<a name="l-482"></a><span class="tm">19:27:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> true
<a name="l-483"></a><span class="tm">19:27:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> just because we have 3 positive and 3 negative votes
<a name="l-484"></a><span class="tm">19:27:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> ah, okay
<a name="l-485"></a><span class="tm">19:27:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wolfiR,   what's the number of votes needed one way or another presently to accept a member?   and how many are active on the team now?
<a name="l-486"></a><span class="tm">19:27:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> a proposal: if you need a "breaker" on even votes, poke me
<a name="l-487"></a><span class="tm">19:27:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> ;D
<a name="l-488"></a><span class="tm">19:27:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> you need another vote then ;)
<a name="l-489"></a><span class="tm">19:27:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> we need +/-4
<a name="l-490"></a><span class="tm">19:28:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> or coin ;)
<a name="l-491"></a><span class="tm">19:28:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> but +4, -3 wouldn't qualify either
<a name="l-492"></a><span class="tm">19:28:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> (at least I think so)
<a name="l-493"></a><span class="tm">19:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> you need a breaker
<a name="l-494"></a><span class="tm">19:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> why not?
<a name="l-495"></a><span class="tm">19:28:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> as it makes just +1
<a name="l-496"></a><span class="tm">19:28:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what?
<a name="l-497"></a><span class="tm">19:29:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> so actually, another detail what is not clear to me
<a name="l-498"></a><span class="tm">19:29:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this sounds awefully way off from what we did
<a name="l-499"></a><span class="tm">19:29:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> didnt we agree on the +3 rule?
<a name="l-500"></a><span class="tm">19:29:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> not really, no
<a name="l-501"></a><span class="tm">19:29:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> but we almost always agreed
<a name="l-502"></a><span class="tm">19:30:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> when you have such cases, you can always ask us to have a look and take the decision
<a name="l-503"></a><span class="tm">19:30:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yaloki,   yes.   If we had 3 votes, it was automatic one way or another.
<a name="l-504"></a><span class="tm">19:30:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We only had 5 board members to begin with at the time
<a name="l-505"></a><span class="tm">19:30:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> it doesnt matter. 3 positive votes should get you in no matter how many negative votes there are
<a name="l-506"></a><span class="tm">19:30:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> we never did that
<a name="l-507"></a><span class="tm">19:30:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> but anyway
<a name="l-508"></a><span class="tm">19:30:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> current number is 4, even in prusnaks workflow
<a name="l-509"></a><span class="tm">19:30:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> if there are cases that extreme...
<a name="l-510"></a><span class="tm">19:30:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> uhh...  +3 and -16 would concern me.   I hadn't thought of that perspective
<a name="l-511"></a><span class="tm">19:30:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> maybe it needs some clarification
<a name="l-512"></a><span class="tm">19:30:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> but if the numbers are summed up mathematically is not clear to me
<a name="l-513"></a><span class="tm">19:31:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> okay but +4/-3 is +4 not +1 then
<a name="l-514"></a><span class="tm">19:31:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> agreed ^^
<a name="l-515"></a><span class="tm">19:31:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> no, it's +1
<a name="l-516"></a><span class="tm">19:31:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> 4 are for it, 3 are opposed
<a name="l-517"></a><span class="tm">19:31:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> the 3 who are opposed are opposed for a good reason
<a name="l-518"></a><span class="tm">19:31:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> now wait  I have one question here... the other issue that is being mentioned here is waiting so long for that final 4th vote...   how many team members are active?
<a name="l-519"></a><span class="tm">19:31:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> ^^^^
<a name="l-520"></a><span class="tm">19:32:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> is the problem the fact that you end up with scores like that, or the fact that not enough people participate on the voting in the first place ?
<a name="l-521"></a><span class="tm">19:32:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> it depends, we have some sitting around with 3 votes for two weeks
<a name="l-522"></a><span class="tm">19:32:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> can you please bounce the process description to board@opensuse.org? thanks
<a name="l-523"></a><span class="tm">19:32:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> so, 3-6 active voters usually
<a name="l-524"></a><span class="tm">19:32:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> with 3 to 6 I'd say: 3 +1 votes and it's good
<a name="l-525"></a><span class="tm">19:33:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> (that's how we did it with 5 people)
<a name="l-526"></a><span class="tm">19:33:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> (I'm currently lagging (also because they are all rejection candidates))
<a name="l-527"></a><span class="tm">19:33:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> I'll forward the mail
<a name="l-528"></a><span class="tm">19:33:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> thanks
<a name="l-529"></a><span class="tm">19:33:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> done
<a name="l-530"></a><span class="tm">19:33:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> do we have a ML for the team?
<a name="l-531"></a><span class="tm">19:34:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes yaloki  they have their own ml now
<a name="l-532"></a><span class="tm">19:34:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> membership-officials@o.o
<a name="l-533"></a><span class="tm">19:34:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> thanks
<a name="l-534"></a><span class="tm">19:34:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> perfect
<a name="l-535"></a><span class="tm">19:34:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so next topic?
<a name="l-536"></a><span class="tm">19:35:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wolfiR:</span> I'll send an email to collect current issues and try to solve things that are unclear
<a name="l-537"></a><span class="tm">19:35:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wolfiR&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> thanks
<a name="l-538"></a><span class="tm">19:35:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">yaloki poke membership-officials@o.o and discuss issues</span>
<a name="l-539"></a><span class="tm">19:35:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> next topic then
<a name="l-540"></a><span class="tm">19:35:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> please coordinate with pavol who already does so
<a name="l-541"></a><span class="tm">19:35:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> yep
<a name="l-542"></a><span class="tm">19:36:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> good point, thanks
<a name="l-543"></a><span class="tm">19:36:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Where do we need to improve?</span>
<a name="l-544"></a><span class="tm">19:36:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   I think we basically did this topic as an overarching topic of this whole meeting  :-)
<a name="l-545"></a><span class="tm">19:36:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> in the light of the 1 hour 37 minutes we already spend on improving things i would like to skip this one today
<a name="l-546"></a><span class="tm">19:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-547"></a><span class="tm">19:36:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> its not a skip, its an already done :-)
<a name="l-548"></a><span class="tm">19:37:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> let's go straight to Q&amp;A
<a name="l-549"></a><span class="tm">19:37:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Questions &amp; Answers</span>
<a name="l-550"></a><span class="tm">19:37:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> there are no questions on the wiki
<a name="l-551"></a><span class="tm">19:37:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> are there any general questions here?
<a name="l-552"></a><span class="tm">19:37:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Are we all aligned to be in NUE on Monday the 18th?
<a name="l-553"></a><span class="tm">19:37:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> any other topics we need to discuss?
<a name="l-554"></a><span class="tm">19:37:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> of October
<a name="l-555"></a><span class="tm">19:38:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> to do what? :
<a name="l-556"></a><span class="tm">19:38:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-557"></a><span class="tm">19:38:11 </span><span class="nka">* yaloki</span> <span class="ac">still has to take days off + make the train reservation</span>
<a name="l-558"></a><span class="tm">19:38:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> to meet f2f
<a name="l-559"></a><span class="tm">19:38:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> on monday?
<a name="l-560"></a><span class="tm">19:38:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> when are those meetings planned?
<a name="l-561"></a><span class="tm">19:39:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> henne,   in a meeting previously we agreed we'd have a board meeting on Monday the 18th and then the 19th would be dedicated to those for strategy
<a name="l-562"></a><span class="tm">19:39:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> sorry, I know we had this already
<a name="l-563"></a><span class="tm">19:39:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> both allday ?
<a name="l-564"></a><span class="tm">19:39:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> okay
<a name="l-565"></a><span class="tm">19:39:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   strategy all day sure
<a name="l-566"></a><span class="tm">19:39:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> pavol and me won't be available on the 19th
<a name="l-567"></a><span class="tm">19:40:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we don't have an agenda for board yet, but we *should* have a f2f and we *should NOT NOT NOT* run a 4 hour straight meeting without a break like last time dammit!   :-)
<a name="l-568"></a><span class="tm">19:40:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> and michl only partly - its one day prior to teh conf
<a name="l-569"></a><span class="tm">19:40:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> which is why we do board on monday and strategy on tuesday
<a name="l-570"></a><span class="tm">19:40:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> right yaloki
<a name="l-571"></a><span class="tm">19:40:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes. neither of us is too deep into strategy...
<a name="l-572"></a><span class="tm">19:40:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well pavol is
<a name="l-573"></a><span class="tm">19:40:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> was
<a name="l-574"></a><span class="tm">19:40:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> is
<a name="l-575"></a><span class="tm">19:40:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> he said he'd like to leave the team
<a name="l-576"></a><span class="tm">19:41:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> or was there an update on that?
<a name="l-577"></a><span class="tm">19:41:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but didn't yet  :-)
<a name="l-578"></a><span class="tm">19:41:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anyway
<a name="l-579"></a><span class="tm">19:41:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> okok :)
<a name="l-580"></a><span class="tm">19:41:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> any questions ?
<a name="l-581"></a><span class="tm">19:41:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> we still have to process the "Sold your soul already to the Devil" paperwork  :-)
<a name="l-582"></a><span class="tm">19:41:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">VenomVelvet:</span> any questions? :
<a name="l-583"></a><span class="tm">19:42:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> just a small one
<a name="l-584"></a><span class="tm">19:42:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> btw, FOSDEM is on 5+6 February, call for papers/devrooms/distros will be very soon
<a name="l-585"></a><span class="tm">19:42:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">yaloki:</span> i'm of course already on dist2011
<a name="l-586"></a><span class="tm">19:42:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> VenomVelvet,   There are no small questions.  Just variances in font sizes.
<a name="l-587"></a><span class="tm">19:42:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> ok:)
<a name="l-588"></a><span class="tm">19:42:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I should make that a bumper sticker
<a name="l-589"></a><span class="tm">19:43:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">VenomVelvet:</span> shoot:)
<a name="l-590"></a><span class="tm">19:43:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> what about doing some kind of online petition of professional users/companies using opensuse/private users towards expressing them wanting a opensuse e.v.?
<a name="l-591"></a><span class="tm">19:43:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> may put some weight to that from the userbase towards novell imho
<a name="l-592"></a><span class="tm">19:43:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> hmh
<a name="l-593"></a><span class="tm">19:43:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> VenomVelvet,   That's a bit dangerous.  not for the content but for the possible yield.   We don't want to end up in a situation if we get too few people signing the petition
<a name="l-594"></a><span class="tm">19:43:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> as henne said, it could have the adverse effect as well
<a name="l-595"></a><span class="tm">19:44:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> that too
<a name="l-596"></a><span class="tm">19:44:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm always against any headcounts unless you can guarantee a good groundswell
<a name="l-597"></a><span class="tm">19:44:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> keep it low on the novell side before thousands have signed?^^
<a name="l-598"></a><span class="tm">19:44:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and i don't want to publicly pressure people we work with every day
<a name="l-599"></a><span class="tm">19:44:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-600"></a><span class="tm">19:44:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> ok was just an idea
<a name="l-601"></a><span class="tm">19:44:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">VenomVelvet:</span> good point though
<a name="l-602"></a><span class="tm">19:45:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">VenomVelvet:</span> thanks for your input
<a name="l-603"></a><span class="tm">19:45:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> VenomVelvet,   I doubt we'd get thousands.   We had what... 8K for the survey earlier and that was with the resources of Novell to reach out to them.
<a name="l-604"></a><span class="tm">19:45:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> ok, let's call it a day
<a name="l-605"></a><span class="tm">19:45:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;VenomVelvet&gt;</span> I am working with opensuse everyday so does every station I do work with
<a name="l-606"></a><span class="tm">19:45:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yaloki,   what day would you like to call this?   This requires some discussion first!
<a name="l-607"></a><span class="tm">19:45:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> master of ceremony, please relieve us
<a name="l-608"></a><span class="tm">19:46:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;yaloki&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> thou shalt not discuss
<a name="l-609"></a><span class="tm">19:46:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I sure hope "please relieve us" doesn't get lost into the translation into "please relieve on us"!!!!
<a name="l-610"></a><span class="tm">19:46:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> those are significantly different meanings, jfyi
<a name="l-611"></a><span class="tm">19:46:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
