=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by ddemaio at 17:00:57 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-03-08-17.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Conference update - current numbers as of March 7: 50 Registration, 31
  proposals  (ddemaio, 17:01:19)
* Conference theme is “openSUSE & You”  (ddemaio, 17:01:19)
* Looking at the possibility to have LPI exams at oSC16  (ddemaio,
  17:01:19)
* Topics for meeting  (ddemaio, 17:01:47)
  * Social events Planning  (ddemaio, 17:01:48)
  * Volunteer tasks  (ddemaio, 17:01:48)
  * Entertainment Planning  (ddemaio, 17:01:48)
  * Marketing Status  (ddemaio, 17:01:48)
  * Keynote Status  (ddemaio, 17:01:48)
  * Trello Cards  (ddemaio, 17:01:50)
  * Outreach/Education Status  (ddemaio, 17:01:52)
  * Equipment update  (ddemaio, 17:01:54)
  * Swag update  (ddemaio, 17:01:56)

* Social events Planning  (ddemaio, 17:02:17)
  * Pre-conference party planned for June 21 at Kater Murr -
    http://kater-murr.com/  (ddemaio, 17:02:17)
  * start time for pre-conference party set for 19:00 on June 21
    (ddemaio, 17:04:58)
  * openSUSE Beer being ordered  (ddemaio, 17:05:13)
  * SUSE Band no update  (ddemaio, 17:06:28)

* Volunteer team  (ddemaio, 17:07:08)
  * need computer and two people for registration  (ddemaio, 17:07:09)
  * need to pack bags for attendees  (ddemaio, 17:07:09)
  * IDEA: volunteers to ensure speakers have water  (ddemaio, 17:09:21)
  * see what the contract says about the bar  (ddemaio, 17:11:29)
  * if we run a bar, ask for volunteers to tend bar  (ddemaio, 17:12:05)

* Entertainment Planning  (ddemaio, 17:16:18)
  * Published article about entertainment options -
    http://bit.ly/1VN0Jjm  (ddemaio, 17:16:19)
  * voting ends March 15  (ddemaio, 17:16:19)

* Marketing Status  (ddemaio, 17:19:00)
  * Sponsorship prospectus being brought to Cebit, CLT & LinuxFestNW
    (ddemaio, 17:19:02)
  * The following are listed as actionable items:  (ddemaio, 17:19:06)
  * ACTION: produce video about Nuremberg and info about public
    transportation  (ddemaio, 17:19:10)
  * ACTION: highlight talks  (ddemaio, 17:19:12)
  * ACTION: Articles about Summits  (ddemaio, 17:19:14)
  * ACTION: Social Media posts need to be developed and released for
    oSC16  (ddemaio, 17:19:16)

* Trello Cards  (ddemaio, 17:28:33)
  * Trello Cards are updated https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO  (ddemaio,
    17:28:33)

* Outreach/Education  (ddemaio, 17:28:33)
  * send posters to schools  (ddemaio, 17:31:14)
  * IDEA: make posters specific for university, mention GSoC  (ddemaio,
    17:34:09)

* Equipment update  (ddemaio, 17:36:09)
  * Waiting on a list of needed items. A walk through is scheduled for
    April 15 at 1400.  (ddemaio, 17:36:09)
  * IDEA: ask tech team is streaming is a viable option for the
    conference  (ddemaio, 17:38:37)

* Swag  (ddemaio, 17:39:03)
  * waiting on response from ownCloud on where they ordered the pins
    (ddemaio, 17:39:03)
  * waiting on offer for stickers  (ddemaio, 17:39:03)
  * once program committee makes schedule, make prints for the bag
    (ddemaio, 17:43:34)
  * LINK:
    http://www.flyeralarm.com/uk/shop/configurator/index/id/5898/cotton-bags.html#
    (ddemaio, 17:45:42)

* Topics for next meeting  (ddemaio, 17:55:17)
  * Social events Planning  (ddemaio, 17:55:17)
  * Entertainment Planning  (ddemaio, 17:55:17)
  * Marketing Status  (ddemaio, 17:55:17)
  * Keynote Status  (ddemaio, 17:55:17)
  * Trello Cards  (ddemaio, 17:55:18)
  * Outreach/Education Status  (ddemaio, 17:55:20)
  * volunteer tasks  (ddemaio, 17:55:22)
  * Equipment update  (ddemaio, 17:55:24)
  * Swag update  (ddemaio, 17:55:28)
  * Make posters for rooms. Make a name for each room related to
    openSUSE  (ddemaio, 17:56:59)
  * LINK: week 4 notes -
    http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-03-01-17.01.html
    (ddemaio, 17:59:23)
  * LINK: week 3 notes -
    http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-02-23-17.00.html
    (ddemaio, 17:59:24)
  * LINK: week 2 notes -
    http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-02-16-17.00.html
    (ddemaio, 17:59:24)
  * LINK: week 1 notes -
    http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-02-02-16.59.html
    (ddemaio, 17:59:24)
  * LINK: Trello board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO  (ddemaio,
    17:59:26)
  * LINK: Possible Outreach - https://coderdojo-nbg.org/  (ddemaio,
    17:59:28)
  * next week ddemaio won't chair the meeting  (ddemaio, 18:01:29)
  * ChrisBr will chair meeting on March 15  (ddemaio, 18:02:02)



Meeting ended at 18:02:20 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* ddemaio (150)
* ChrisBr (45)
* cboltz (4)
* bugbot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4