<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">17:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">17:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Mar  1 17:01:14 2016 UTC.  The chair is ddemaio. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">17:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">17:01:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> thanks for coming all
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">17:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I’m going to post by topic. We can discuss the topic. I’ll add the info. If you want to add info to the topic,  put a hashtag info.
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">17:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The plan is to have the meeting from 1700 UTC to 1800 UTC
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">17:01:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">ddemaio</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">17:01:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: ddemaio
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">17:01:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Conference update - current numbers as of March 1: 38 Registration, 25 proposals</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">17:01:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Conference theme will be finalized tomorrow, March 2.</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">17:01:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics for meeting</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">17:01:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Social events Planning</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">17:01:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Entertainment Planning</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">17:01:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing Status</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">17:01:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Keynote Status</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">17:01:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Trello Cards</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">17:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Hotels/Hostels Update</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">17:02:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">sponsorship status</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">17:02:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Outreach/Education</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">17:02:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Equipment update</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">17:02:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Swag</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">17:02:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Social events Planning</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">17:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Pre-conference party planned for June 21 at Kater Murr - http://kater-murr.com/
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">17:02:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Info </span><span class="cmdline">Need a basic plan for the pre-conference party- Start Time, Menu</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">17:02:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Beer menu that is
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">17:03:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh42&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Question:</span> Do we want to order openSUSE beer again?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">17:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Is there anything special we want for the pre-conference party
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">17:03:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We could do that
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">17:03:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> if we will do registrations during the pre-conf party, electricity+laptop(s)+internet
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">17:04:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> +1 for openSUSE beer!
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">17:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> (but for pre conference I prefer draft beer)
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">17:04:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cwh42:</span> Did you want openSUSE Beer
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">17:04:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> +1 for openSUSE beer too :)
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">17:04:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;woose&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cisc:</span>  How is your Open MP?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">17:05:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cwh42:</span> we can work out the details
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">17:05:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I will come see you tomorrow
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">17:05:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh42&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">17:06:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> can you expand on the registration pre-conf part
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">17:07:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">SUSE Band has been contacted and is practicing to play at the event. The suggested day is June 24. The band is determining if the entire band can play that day</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">17:07:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">17:08:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> It looks like everyone planning to come so far will make the pre-conf party
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">17:09:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> should we make a registration or just make it an informal gathering?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">17:09:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok. Well go back to that
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">17:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Entertainment Planning</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">17:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Info </span><span class="cmdline">Published article about entertainment options - http://bit.ly/1VN0Jjm</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">17:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">voting suggests as this moment a majority of attendees would take part in four entertainment events.</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">17:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Do we count the pre-conference party and the band as two of those events?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">17:10:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The average € budget is 25
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">17:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Yes, I would count them as ...
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">17:11:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok. So we would need two more.
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">17:11:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> because they usally start right after the last talk of the day
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">17:11:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> okay, at the pre conf party therer is no talk before but I assume the people just arrive during the day / afternoon, hotel check in etc
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">17:12:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> so I'd not plan any additional entertainment on the pre conf and band evening
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">17:12:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> So, most likely informal for the pre-conf party
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">17:14:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">the top picks on the poll right now are go karting, city tour, cellar tour</span>
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">17:14:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/XTH6B9C
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">17:14:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">poll at https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/XTH6B9C</span>
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">17:15:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> for those of you who haven't taken it, please take the survey. I promise your fingers won't get tired from clicking
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">17:15:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I say we give the survey two more weeks and then start to make some decisions on the entertainment
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">17:16:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> anyone else agree with that
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">17:16:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh42&gt;</span> ddemaio, can we see the picks for the survey, too?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">17:16:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cwh42:</span> after you finished the survey you should see the results
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">17:17:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> that, and bookmark that page if you want to re-check a week later
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">17:17:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> yes, of course. After people fill it out, they will also see what the current votes are
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">17:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> not people but the percentage breakdown
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">17:18:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">close the poll on March 14</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">17:18:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> List each day
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">17:18:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> June 21 - pre-conference party (agreed)
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">17:18:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> June 22
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">17:18:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> June 23
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">17:18:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> June 24 - SUSE Band (waiting for confirmation)
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">17:18:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> June 25 -
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">17:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> June 26 - Beer Garden (suggestion)
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">17:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing Status</span>
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">17:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Annoucement article - http://bit.ly/1KY0ilr 218 clicks
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">17:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> T-Shirt Article for submitting proposals  - http://bit.ly/1QxzN2H 308 clicks
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">17:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Poll article - http://bit.ly/1VN0Jjm 70 clicks
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">17:19:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Letter and Sponsorship prospectus printed.</span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">17:19:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The following are listed as actionable items:</span>
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">17:19:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">produce a hotel announcement</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">17:19:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">produce video about Nuremberg and info about public transportation</span>
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">17:19:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">highlight talks</span>
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">17:19:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Articles about Summits</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">17:19:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Social Media posts need to be developed and released for oSC16</span>
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">17:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I can put together the summit articles, but will need more time. End of April I'm thinking
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">17:21:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">trello card for summit articles added</span>
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">17:22:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> What other marketing material should we get? Banners for the walls?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">17:22:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> posters
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">17:22:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We are trying to get a banner to hang outside the zbau
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">17:23:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> posters or reusable banners
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">17:23:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> posters we could for instance send to the universities
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">17:23:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok.
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">17:24:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ask design team to design posters for oSC16</span>
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">17:24:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> anything else
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">17:25:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> sticker?
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">17:25:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok. with the oSC logo
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">17:26:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> yeah, or maybe also the design team can put sth together
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">17:26:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">make stickers for oSC16</span>
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">17:26:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> i will ask
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">17:27:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Keynote Status</span>
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">17:27:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Norman Fraser, Ph.D. CEO of SoftIron</span>
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">17:27:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Michael Miller, President of strategy, alliances and marketing for SUSE</span>
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">17:27:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Contact made and progress taking place on the development of the keynotes</span>
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">17:27:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Status on local or state politician progressing</span>
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">17:28:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Nothing yet to report with the politicians other than that
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">17:28:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> What’s the status on Frank Karlitschek?
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">17:28:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Can someone here reach out to him?
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">17:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> email him and cc me ddemaio@suse.de
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">17:29:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Trello Cards</span>
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">17:29:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Trello Cards are updated https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO</span>
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">17:29:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Hotels / Hostels</span>
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">17:30:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Hotels have been added to the conference website. There will be a race car event that same week, so reserve your hotel/hostel ASAP.</span>
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">17:30:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh42&gt;</span> ddemaio, I'll do that with Frank.
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">17:31:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> yeah, maybe we should announce that soon otherwise the prices will increaes ...
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">17:31:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cwh42:</span> thank you
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">17:32:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We are currently working on adding another hotel to the list.</span>
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">17:33:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I will announce it next week. I think a steady flow of information will keep oSC in people's minds
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">17:33:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> good idea
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">17:33:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">sponsorship status</span>
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">17:33:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Sponsorship Prospectus have been printed - https://en.opensuse.org/images/2/27/Prospectus_2016.pdf  Some will be brought to CeBit and Chemnitz Linux Tage</span>
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">17:34:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Outreach/Education</span>
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">17:34:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Any updates chris?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">17:36:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> no, no update so far ...
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">17:36:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Has Regensburg contacted you
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">17:36:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> hey sorry for being late...
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">17:36:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Not yet, no
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">17:36:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> all good.
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">17:36:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> I'll approach richard tomorrow to get the contact details
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">17:37:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> so far I contacted nuremberg, erlangen and bamberg
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">17:37:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Also talk with Markus Feilner. He also knows a few people there
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">17:37:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> ok, cool
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">17:37:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Equipment update</span>
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">17:37:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Waiting on a list of needed items. A walk through is scheduled for April 15 at 1400.</span>
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">17:37:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I spoke with darix this week and there is a list of items the video and audio team went over. More information to come.
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">17:39:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> how many people will be on each team?
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">17:39:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> good question. Last year it was two people per room I believe
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">17:40:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> oh cool
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">17:41:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Find out about the numbers of teams needed for audio and video support</span>
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">17:42:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> since we are on the topic, do we want an MC
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">17:42:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I assume I will take part of that role, but like an overall MC
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">17:42:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> 2 people per room
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">17:42:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> 1 camera, 1 taking care of the rest
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">17:42:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> thank you
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">17:43:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> like audio and switching views
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">17:43:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">17:43:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> ideally 2 cameras for the project meeting ;-)
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">17:43:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> if you want a 3rd person you could ask for 1 guy with a mic for questions
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">17:45:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">Add one additional person for mic duty to cover each room. Volunteer coordinator will take care of this</span>
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">17:46:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Swag</span>
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">17:46:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Other than the tshirt, any other ideas?
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">17:46:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I wanted to talk about this last week, but we were running late
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">17:47:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> what about openSUSE pins?
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">17:47:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> what swag should we get
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">17:47:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> (not specific to the conference, but that's something I'd like to see)
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">17:47:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> small bags
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">17:47:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We have a pin machine. This shouldn't be that hard
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">17:47:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> like this: http://flockhaus-shop.de/out/pictures/master/product/1/turnbeutel_black_my_bag_and_me.jpg
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">17:48:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">bring pin machine. follow instructions</span>
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">17:48:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> they're popular atm ;)
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">17:48:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> plush geekos??
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">17:48:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> everybody loves them
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">17:48:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I'm already working on that
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">17:48:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> plushies
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">17:48:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> so a bag
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">17:48:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ChrisBr:</span> indeed, DebConf15 also provided small bags ;-)
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">17:49:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> (the openSUSE bags should obviously be green ;-)
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">17:50:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> with pins, I meant small ones like https://de.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Datei:Pin-Butterfly-Verschluss-hinten.jpg
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">17:50:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> how about this? a coupon discount of 10% or 20% for openSUSE online store in every bag? Great way to promote the project!
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">17:50:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> (but the button machine also sounds like a good idea)
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">17:53:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> ok. I will see what I can find with pins.
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">17:53:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="hi">orion_0:</span> I like the idea. I will have to do some research to see if that is possible
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">17:54:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hint:</span> ask owncloud - they have pins since years, and probably can provide you with a supplier's address
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">17:54:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">see if it is possible to create a coupon discount for the openSUSE store</span>
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">17:54:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok. I'll ask Jos
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">17:55:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ask Jos about pins - https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Datei:Pin-Butterfly-Verschluss-hinten.jpg</span>
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">17:55:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Would patches be a good idea?
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">17:55:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> guys i cant tell you how excited I am as the conference is taking shape, since it's my first time doing something for the opensuse project. Thing is I dont know if I will still be able to make it to Nurnberg
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">17:56:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> you mea  like paches for clothes ?
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">17:56:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> what do you mean with patches?
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">17:56:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> *mean
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">17:56:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> yes. Like the biker patches
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">17:56:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> hmm, I think shirts are enough ...
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">17:56:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok :-(
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">17:56:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> (just my opinion ;))
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">17:57:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> http://danlynch.org/wp-content/uploads/2012/11/sons-of-anarchy-logo.jpg
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">17:58:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">17:58:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">17:58:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh42&gt;</span> I also like the Idea of patches, btw.
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">17:58:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh42&gt;</span> Would be something new
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">17:59:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> could be pretty cool. You would be an OG cwh42
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">17:59:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh42&gt;</span> So we need cut-offs to apply them ;)
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:00:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics for next meeting</span>
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:00:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Social events Planning</span>
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:00:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Entertainment Planning</span>
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:00:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing Status</span>
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:00:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Keynote Status</span>
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:00:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Trello Cards</span>
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:00:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Outreach/Education Status</span>
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:00:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Equipment update</span>
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:00:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Swag update</span>
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:00:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Any more we want to add?
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:01:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">links</span>
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:01:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">week 3 notes - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-02-23-17.00.html</span>
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:01:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">week 2 notes - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-02-16-17.00.html</span>
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:01:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link  </span><span class="cmdline">week 1 notes - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-02-02-16.59.html</span>
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:01:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Trello board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO</span>
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:01:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Possible Outreach - https://coderdojo-nbg.org/</span>
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> thank you all for your help
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:01:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> any last thing we want to add
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:02:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> nope
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Just an update
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:03:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> on March 15, ChrisBr will be running the meeting. I'll be snowboarding in the middle of nowhere in the Alps
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:03:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
