<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Fri May 13 13:01:38 2016 UTC.  The chair is ChrisBr. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:01:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancorgs&gt;</span> hello
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:01:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> hello
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:01:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> hello everyone :)
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:01:48 </span><span class="nka">* RichiH</span> <span class="ac">raises hand</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:01:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> welcome to our first openSUSE GSoC mentor meeting
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:02:07 </span><span class="nka">* RichiH</span> <span class="ac">pokes differentreality</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:02:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KalabiYau&gt;</span> hello, Arte
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:02:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KalabiYau&gt;</span> m is here
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:02:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> brb in 2'
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:02:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> as an update:
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> We have 6 projects under openSUSE
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:02:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/4794149198888960/#projects
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> and additional 1 project under FOSDEM
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:03:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> https://summerofcode.withgoogle.com/organizations/6340195892854784/#projects
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:03:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> differentreality and RichiH are responsible for the FOSDEM project
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:03:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next steps</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:04:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> can we make a round call?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> who is here for the GSoC meeting?
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:04:17 </span><span class="nka">* henne</span> <span class="ac">is</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:04:21 </span><span class="nka">* ChrisBr</span> <span class="ac">is</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:04:22 </span><span class="nka">* imobach</span> <span class="ac">is</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:04:28 </span><span class="nka">* ancorgs</span> <span class="ac">is</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:04:42 </span><span class="nka">* KalabiYau</span> <span class="ac">is</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:04:45 </span><span class="nka">* mssola</span> <span class="ac">is</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:05:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anyone else? :)
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:05:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hernansp&gt;</span> \me is
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:05:25 </span><span class="nka">* hernansp</span> <span class="ac">is</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:05:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hernansp&gt;</span> haha
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:05:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> haha
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:05:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> AFAIK differentreality is back in a few minutes
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:05:56 </span><span class="nka">* differentreality</span> <span class="ac">here</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:06:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay so who is missing?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:06:35 </span><span class="nka">* RichiH</span> <span class="ac">roll calls again, just for good measure</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:06:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> josef
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:06:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> antonio
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:06:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> antlarr is missing but he told me that he has no time
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:07:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancorgs&gt;</span> josef is sick
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:07:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> cornelius
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:07:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> cornlius is lost in the USA
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:08:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> okay coo. on to next steps
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:08:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> cool*
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Is everyone subscribed to the gsoc-mentors mailing list?
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:08:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> If not, please do so!
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:08:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KalabiYau&gt;</span> @suse ?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:08:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> just send a mail to gsoc-mentors+subscribe@opensuse.org
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:08:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> opensuse
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancorgs&gt;</span> @opensuse
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:08:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> thanks henne
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:10:04 </span><span class="nka">* RichiH</span> <span class="ac">is subscribed now</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:10:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> We plan to have another mentor meeting around midterm and final evaluation of GSoC. The purpose is to establish a mentor community within opensuse and help each other with problems etc
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:10:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> addtional we plan to have a meetup at oSC 16 in Nuremberg as we expect that a lot of the mentors and students will be there!
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:11:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and if you think there is a need to talk about something feel free to kick off other meetings on the mailing list
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:11:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> any questions so far?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:12:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KalabiYau&gt;</span> question about students on oSC 16
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:12:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RichiH&gt;</span> regarding mailing list: it's non-public and will always stay non-public, correct?
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KalabiYau&gt;</span> how many we will have from abroad?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:12:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RichiH:</span> yes
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:12:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RichiH&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:12:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KalabiYau:</span> abroad from where exactly? :-)
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:12:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KalabiYau&gt;</span> not from EU
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:12:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> my student is from brazil
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:13:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">KalabiYau:</span> we don't know yet! We advised them to apply for TSP. TSP will announce around end of May who they can fund
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:13:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KalabiYau&gt;</span> got it, thanks
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> but this is independent from GSoC. Beeing a GSoC student does not mean that TSP will fund you ;)
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:14:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KalabiYau&gt;</span> that's clear
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:14:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> however, awafaa is aware that some students applied for TSP and tries to fund a few of them ...
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:14:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but it means they will give you some kind of prio...
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:14:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> exactly
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:14:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> ( awafaa is currently head of TSP)
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">13:15:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KalabiYau&gt;</span> in a funny hat as usual, I guess
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">13:15:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> hey, if he wears a hat it's a start
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">13:15:27 </span><span class="nka">* henne</span> <span class="ac">shudders</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">13:15:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> more questions?
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">13:16:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RichiH&gt;</span> only if we can keep a tighter schedule while in meeting ;)
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">13:16:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> okay, next topic then
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">13:16:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Blogging / Marketing</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">13:16:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> We expect at least three blog posts of the students
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">13:17:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Beginning blog post (by June 1), one midterm blog post (by July 10) and final blog post (by August 23)
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">13:17:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Doug created a nice guideline for us
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">13:17:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Guideline:</span> https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LjG0lzDDDzpn9N-axMvfJFbwQlE5Z09NfcDvWCDhccw/edit?usp=sharing
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">13:17:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Students should have their own blog, I'll write a guideline after the meeting to the students and we will redistribute it on news.o.o
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">13:17:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> We expect this as mandatory for the students
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">13:18:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this is about marketing we can do for openSUSE and for the projects
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">13:18:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and of course for students and mentors
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">13:19:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Yes, please also blog as mentors :)
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">13:19:32 </span><span class="nka">* ancorgs</span> <span class="ac">will probably use the YaST team blog for that</span>
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">13:19:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this is independent of any "reporting" the students have to do
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">13:19:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this will be another topic later in this meeting :-)
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">13:20:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> questions?
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">13:22:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> next topic
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">13:22:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Reporting</span>
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">13:22:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> We expect that you have regular contact with your student!
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">13:23:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> That means we expect e.g. daily standups and longer discussions at least once a week
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">13:23:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Also that you track the progress in eg a trello board
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">13:23:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KalabiYau&gt;</span> ^ fair point
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">13:24:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> If you encounter problems, please contact me or henne asap
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">13:24:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ChrisBr:</span> it's a bit hard for me to do daily standup, considering the differences on timezones :)
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">13:24:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> problems with student responsiveness that is
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">13:25:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mssola:</span> right! However, you can eg write daily short mail update etc
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">13:25:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mssola:</span> if you can't make it daily meet as often as possible
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">13:25:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">13:25:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and if it can't be a meeting it can be a mail
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">13:25:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancorgs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mssola:</span> or us it as an excuse to spend summer in Brazil
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">13:25:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> We see communication as one the most important parts of GSoC
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">13:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ancorgs:</span> haha, good idea :P
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">13:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancorgs&gt;</span> *use it
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">13:26:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RichiH&gt;</span> to make sure: is this expected of fosdem as well? and does that mean student -&gt; mentors, mentors -&gt; student, or both?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">13:26:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> however you do it. it's just very important that you set up regular milestones in your plan that get reviewed and celebrated by you and your mentee.
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">13:26:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">13:26:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> as we believe that talking as often as you can is what builds the relationship and   bonding with your mentee.
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">13:27:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RichiH&gt;</span> or, to phrase it differently: i would be surprised if the student will be able to work on osem every single day, so that frequency seems to be the better way to judge update frequency
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">13:27:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and that is essentially what GSoC is all about. forming a relationship with your student
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">13:27:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RichiH&gt;</span> (barring actual problems like "he disappeared", of course)
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">13:27:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> also, your student has not much experience, they maybe fear to contact you too often and annoy you!
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">13:27:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RichiH:</span> GSoC is supposed to be a full-time job
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">13:27:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RichiH:</span> from my personal experience as a student of gsoc, I did work every day on the project
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">13:27:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RichiH&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">13:27:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> same here
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">13:28:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> I agree with differentreality and mssola! This is also stated in all GSoC FAQ of fosdem! Students should expect to work 40 hours/week on their project
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">13:28:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RichiH&gt;</span> there were bits in the mentee docs that said "if you are aware for some time, don't sweat it but communicate", which is the reason i asked in the first place
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">13:29:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Having some period of time (university course etc) where they're not able to focus full time on gsoc is fine, but they have to communicate that!
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">13:29:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RichiH&gt;</span> but that was then obviously referring to being ill or something
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">13:29:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RichiH&gt;</span> kk
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">13:29:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">13:29:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RichiH:</span> correct! That's what I mentioned!
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">13:29:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> https://developers.google.com/open-source/gsoc/faq#how_much_time_does_gsoc_participation_take
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">13:30:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RichiH&gt;</span> s/aware/away/, but you prolly guessed as much
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">13:30:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> There are certainly times where they can't focus full time on GSoC! As long as they communicate it with the mentor and it's just a short period of time it's fine
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">13:30:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> anyway. back to the topic. please make sure you track your students progress
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">13:31:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> and communicate, communicate, communicate!
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">13:31:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> questions?
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">13:32:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> how are you guys feeling on having your student send reports to the openSUSE community?
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">13:32:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> in previous years we had them send weekly mail to opensuse-project
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">13:33:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I'm not very clear on the usefulness of those mails
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">13:33:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> honestly I'd just tell him to send emails on a monthly basis or something like that
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">13:33:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancorgs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> you mean usefulness for the students or for the community?
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">13:34:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ancorgs:</span> both
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">13:34:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RichiH&gt;</span> if they are short and mostly links to other resources, they would create a nice form of positive pressure; at a set frequency
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">13:34:32 </span><span class="nka">* RichiH</span> <span class="ac">sees that as a benefit the mentee, not the community at large, mind</span>
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">13:34:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I am not a big fan of the whole weekly reports / emails
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">13:34:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;imobach&gt;</span> I think that publishing in a blog is enough
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">13:34:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> <span class="hi">imobach:</span> +1
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">13:34:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">imobach:</span> +1
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">13:35:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mssola:</span> monthly basis == almost blogging
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">13:35:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancorgs&gt;</span> but more often that three times in the whole project
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">13:35:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;imobach&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ancorgs:</span> yes
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">13:35:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ChrisBr:</span> yeah, I was just thinking out loud :)
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">13:35:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the 3 blogs we were talking about earlier are for news.opensuse.org
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">13:35:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> than we can change the blogging guideline to blogging once a month?
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">13:36:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> you can call them 'reporting' but this is more like marketing fufu. not so much technical
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">13:36:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this is for the openSUSE project. not the individual projects the people work on like YaST or OSEM
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">13:37:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I also think that "work report" style mails don't have much value for the students or for the community
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">13:38:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I would rather have my student blog on http://osem.io when we have finished some important milestone
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">13:38:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;imobach&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> it makes sense
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">13:38:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> okay, to sum up:
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">13:38:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> the initial 3 blog posts are for news.o.o
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">13:38:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancorgs&gt;</span> if you keep track in a (almost) daily basis with trello or something similar
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">13:38:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> +1 henne, I like that too. That way we can end up with useful information about features and not just a repetition of I did this, and I will do that.
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">13:39:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancorgs&gt;</span> reporting as such shouldn't be needed
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">13:39:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> plus once a month a blog post on their own blog?
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">13:39:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RichiH&gt;</span> yah, i think i also prefer henne's suggestion
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">13:39:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> at least monthly sounds fair to me
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">13:40:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> everyone agrees?
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">13:40:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> at least monthly and a notification to gsoc-mentors@opensuse.org so Chris and I can pick it up
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">13:40:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and spread it further
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">13:40:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> henne good idea
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">13:41:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> to sum it up: monthly on their own blogs and then we ping you
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">13:41:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> is that right ?
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">13:41:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">13:41:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> plus the three blog posts for news.o.o we mentioned at the beginning of the meeting
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">13:41:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">13:42:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> ah ok
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">13:42:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> will they have accounts to blog there, or how things would go ?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">13:42:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> henne, doug or I will do that
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">13:43:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> they can just email us the blog post for news ?
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">13:43:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> they would send it to us and we will put it on news.o.o
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">13:43:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> ah ok
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">13:43:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">13:43:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I can also create author accounts there
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">13:43:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> then we can also take care that we don't flood news ;)
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">13:43:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but sending us something is the prerequisite
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">13:43:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RichiH&gt;</span> no need to tie that down right now, though
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">13:43:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mssola&gt;</span> got it
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">13:44:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> questions?
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">13:44:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> I'll sum it up for a follow up mail!
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">13:45:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Next topic would be oSC but we already spoke about it at the beginning of the meeting so I think we can skip it!
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">13:46:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Or has anyone more questions regarding GSoC and oSC16 in Nuremberg?
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">13:46:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> please encourage your student to go
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">13:46:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and please come yourself :-)
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">13:47:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> hehe, yeah :) oSC is fun :)
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">13:47:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> it will be awesome to meet each other and kick off more good mentoring things
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">13:47:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> okay, next topic
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">13:47:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> # Timetable
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">13:48:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> We're almost at the end of community bondig period
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">13:48:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> On 23 May Coding period begins
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">13:48:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> That means students officially start coding on their project!
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">13:48:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> If you haven't, please have a look at our openSUSE mentoring guidelines: http://101.opensuse.org/
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">13:49:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> which also means you should have a plan of what they should do
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">13:49:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> please remember that this is about the students
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">13:49:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Next milestone is 20 June - 27 June: Midterm evaluations
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">13:50:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> It's mandatory to fill out the midterm evaluations, otherwise your student will fail and openSUSE will lose a slot for the mentor summit
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">13:50:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> about their needs. not yours or the projects needs. so come up with a plan that make them free software developers at the end of GSoC
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">13:52:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Start by checking the basics with them. Do they know how to operate github? Is their development environment set up?
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">13:52:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> do they know the git basics?
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">13:52:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> etc. etc.
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">13:53:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> also explain to them how your community works
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">13:54:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> GSoC is as much about behavior in a community, knowing what you want, and the ability to convey this to others as it   is about pointers, gcc macros and git command line options.
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">13:54:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> make sure to check that they know these things that you might take for granted
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">13:55:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and make sure that you develop the students competence AND character
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">13:56:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> if you clear this up at the beginning I'm sure it's way easier to be successful at the mid-term weed out :-)
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">13:57:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> thanks henne
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">13:58:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> any more questions?
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">13:59:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> okay, then I'll close the meeting! If you have more questions, feel free to write to the gsoc-mentors mailinglist or to me or henne
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">13:59:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> you can find everything that Chris, Cornelius and I think makes a good mentor here:  http://101.opensuse.org/#mentor
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">13:59:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> thanks everyone for participating!
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">13:59:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hernansp&gt;</span> Thanks for all the info!
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">13:59:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> thank you
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">13:59:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RichiH&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">13:59:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> And remember to have a lot of fun....
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">13:59:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;KalabiYau&gt;</span> ciao
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">13:59:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">13:59:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancorgs&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">13:59:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancorgs&gt;</span> see you
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">13:59:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> cya
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">13:59:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;imobach&gt;</span> thanks!
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">13:59:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
