<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">17:00:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">17:00:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Feb 16 17:00:09 2016 UTC.  The chair is ddemaio. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">17:00:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">17:00:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I’m going to post by topic. We can discuss the topic. I’ll add the info. If you want to add info to the topic,  put a hashtag info.
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">17:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The plan is to have the meeting from 1700 UTC to 1800 UTC
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">17:00:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I’ll be on https://appear.in/oSC16 if anyone wants to do a quick chat during the meeting.
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">17:00:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Only 8 people can be in the video room at once.
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">17:00:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">ddemaio</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">17:00:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: ddemaio
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">17:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics for meeting</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">17:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Tracks &amp; Theme</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">17:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">17:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Volunteers</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">17:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Hotels</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">17:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Keynote</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">17:01:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Outreach/Education</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">17:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Sponsorship</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">17:01:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Summits with Conference</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">17:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Follow Up</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">17:01:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Rooms</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">17:01:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Topics for next meeting</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">17:01:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Tracks &amp; Theme</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">17:01:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Info </span><span class="cmdline">The Program Committee is discussing the Theme and oSC16</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">17:01:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I think tracks is also determined by Program Committee. Do you all agree?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">17:02:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Should the org team do the tracks?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">17:02:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> Also or only?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">17:03:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Well, it could be us or the program committee
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">17:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> I think more the Program Committee
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">17:03:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I was thinking that as well. Seems more logical for them to do it rather than the org team
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">17:04:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> Yeah it seems like a good idea
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">17:04:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> When should they determine the tracks by
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">17:05:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I think it would be good to give them a deadline or at least a target to reach
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">17:05:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Info </span><span class="cmdline">To join the Program Committee, contact FTeodori@suse.com</span>
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">17:05:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> It sounds like the Program Committee has some consensus around theme
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">17:06:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Program Committee to determine Theme by end of the month</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">17:06:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> they are close
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">17:06:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> I think though, deadlines would be good, as there's some ambiguity about when we're supposed to do anything until the org committee hands us proposals ;-)
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">17:07:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> sounds logical. Since the theme is the end of this month, should we give them a target of tracks by March 15
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">17:08:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> That would stager it well and still give 31 days for the close of the call for papers
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">17:09:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> yeah. it should be more than enough to get things done
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">17:09:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok. sounds good
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">17:09:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Program Committee will determine Tracks with target date of March 15</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">17:10:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing</span>
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">17:10:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">An invitation letter encouraging participatant has been drafted at http://bit.ly/1QirM7N</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">17:10:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> How do you like the text? Is there anything we should change? I think we should have a deadline to print this by March 1 and begin to mail it out in March. We would also have it ready by Chemnitz Linux Tage
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">17:11:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Plus there are a few other events we can pass them out at
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">17:12:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> sorry this is belated; with CFP already open we're going to have to derive tracks from the papers
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">17:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> draft letter looks good
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">17:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We have a few submitted already. Should we push it to May 15
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">17:13:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> How about branding the paper with a watermark of opensuse logo?
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">17:14:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Can do. That's what the plan will be. I'll make a pdf and post it on the wiki conference page so anyone can download it. I'll print some for the events we attend between now and oSC
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">17:15:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Program Committee will determine Tracks with target date of May 15</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">17:16:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">disregard - Program Committee will determine Tracks with target date of March 15. Should have all the papers before the tracks are determined</span>
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">17:16:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Articles are needed to encourage participation in this year’s oSC.</span>
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">17:16:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">logo, dates and venue announcement. Draft available at http://bit.ly/1LrrmVa</span>
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">17:17:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Other articles can be produced and staggered
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">17:17:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">produce a hotel announcement</span>
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">17:17:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">highlight talks</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">17:17:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Social Media posts need to be developed and released for oSC16</span>
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">17:18:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">produce video about Nuremberg and info about public transportation</span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">17:18:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Any other ideas for articles
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">17:19:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> If you have one, please put the hashtag info
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">17:19:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> Nightlife, maybe?
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">17:20:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">nightlife article. places to go. things to see</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">17:20:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Coffee shop, restaurants,...
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">17:20:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> ok :)
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">17:21:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">coffee shops, restaurants, breweries and places to eat while at oSC</span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">17:21:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> Map of Starbucks' ;-)
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">17:21:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> Map of !Starbucks' ;)
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">17:22:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I thought McCafe had the best coffee ;-)
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">17:22:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Trello board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">17:23:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We already have a few cards made.
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">17:23:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> lets go on to the next topic
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">17:23:34 </span><span class="nka">* cboltz</span> <span class="ac">wonders if it's a good idea to highlight Nuremberg's role in Nazi Germany in the conference announcement</span>
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">17:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Volunteers</span>
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">17:23:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Yeah. It's part of it's history
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">17:24:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> It also has a lot of other history
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">17:25:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> So I don't think it is something we should consciously leave out
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">17:25:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> dont forget to mention that Nuremberg is SUSE's HQ
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">17:26:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> That to. I need to include it in the draft. Adidas and Puma were also started near to Nuremberg and Levi Strauss as well
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">17:26:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We at least were he is from
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">17:26:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Should we create a volunteer team to assist with oSC. Christopher Branston said he would lead the volunteer team.
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">17:27:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> during the event, or ???
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">17:27:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> kostas and alex also signed up for the card
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">17:27:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> How's that different from Program &amp; Org groups ?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">17:27:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">17:29:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> the volunteers team would just ensure that speakers are introduced, run the front desk for those who enter the building, etc.
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">17:30:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> should we not do that and just make it the role of the org team
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">17:30:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Chris said he would be willing to take on the responsibility.
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">17:31:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I think it is good to have someone in charge of all the volunteering that is required
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">17:32:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok.
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">17:32:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">A volunteer lead is needed for oSC16.</span>
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">17:33:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Christopher Branston named volunteer lead for oSC16</span>
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">17:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Hotels</span>
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">17:33:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Three hotels have been contacted about a discount rate</span>
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">17:33:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The Marienbad, Maritim and InterCity hotels have all been contacted to get a discount rate using the keyword “Geeko”. More info to come.
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">17:33:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Marienbad offers 10 rooms for 75,-€/Night incl. breakfast between June 21 - 26.</span>
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">17:33:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Any other hotels we want to approach?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">17:34:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> https://www.google.de/maps/place/Kulturzentrum+Z-Bau/@49.4303419,11.0947207,15z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x0:0xcdc37501ecd384bc
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">17:34:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> https://www.google.de/maps/search/hotels+nurmberg/@49.430406,11.0683487,13z/data=!3m1!4b1
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">17:35:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> There are a lot of hotels downtown
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">17:35:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> few are near the venue location
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">17:35:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> we should make sure we have different price levels
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">17:35:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Would you prefer that the hotels are downtown or closer to the venue
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">17:35:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> discount offer should probably include the night of 26th
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">17:36:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">draft hostel article</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">17:36:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> would that be suitable
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">17:37:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> Sure
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">17:37:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> The closes hotel might be the Mercure at Messe
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">17:38:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> Best Western Hauptbahnhof is right next to a tram station
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">17:39:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> that directly leads to the venue
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">17:39:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">contact best western hauptbahnhof</span>
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">17:39:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">contact  Mercure at Mess</span>
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">17:40:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> looks like the closest is down the street on Pillenreauther Str
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">17:40:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> Not sure abot the Mercure,
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">17:40:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> It might be too far out and longer to get to than from the bahnhof
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">17:41:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> lets go on to the next topic
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">17:41:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Keynote</span>
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">17:41:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Norman Fraser, Ph.D. CEO of SoftIron, which makes ARM servers running Tumbleweed has accepted our invitation to be a keynote speaker.</span>
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">17:41:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> It would be good to have a  keynote every day. Any other ideas.
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">17:41:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I will have a discussion with Michael Miller next Monday about being a keynote speaker.
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">17:42:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Are there any more people we should approach for a keynote
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">17:43:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> Frank Karlitschek/ownCloud?
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">17:43:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">contact Frank Karlitschek from ownCloud for keynote</span>
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">17:44:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Frank would be nice also to not have "competitive" keynote
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">17:44:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> Guys. There is a topic that comes in my mind every time we have the conference. How about inviting local authorities , such as the Governor or Mayor to introduce them to openSUSE and its benefits in Public Administration? I mean the city that houses SUSE shouldnt run linux?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">17:45:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I know the mayor in my town that might be interested in doing something like that
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">17:45:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> They use some open source
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">17:46:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> imagine something like they did in Munich! that was awesome and the definition os change. I know it's not easy but it's something the FOSS communities should take more seriously
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">17:48:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I can ask markus feilner to approach some local and state politicians
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">17:48:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> ok cool.
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">17:49:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#ask </span><span class="cmdline">Markus Feilner to contact a local or state politician for a keynote</span>
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">17:49:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ask Markus Feilner to contact a local or state politician for a keynote</span>
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">17:50:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Outreach/Education</span>
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">17:50:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Is anyone willing to offer an educational outreach-type program for oSC attendees. The topic is a bit vague at the moment. School children or university students? what route do we take?
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">17:51:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> some people bring their kids and some students might come as well. Not sure what we should offer
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">17:51:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> anyone have any ideas
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">17:52:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> Actually university students is better. they can understand more of the importance of linux, and involve with the project. SUSE plushes are a must for everyone!! we should give them at each kid
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">17:52:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> I can do that
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">17:52:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> I already have contact with professors at uni erlangen &amp; nuremberg
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">17:52:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> at least we should approach the universities for marketing etc
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">17:53:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ChrisBr to take lead on student outreach</span>
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">17:53:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> Something like https://us.pycon.org/2016/events/letslearnpython/ maybe ?
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">17:54:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> dont forget to mention google summer of code with opensuse
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">17:54:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> we also had in previous year a Rails workshop for instance
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">17:55:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I think we could offer university students a program more geared toward their level and for the younger kids we would need a program.
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">17:56:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#idea </span><span class="cmdline">talk to lars about https://us.pycon.org/2016/events/letslearnpython/ type program</span>
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">17:57:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Sponsorship</span>
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">17:57:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> There were a lot of edits to the document over the past two weeks. I recommend we go forward with getting sponsors by using the Prospectus and going to talk to people and business..
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">17:57:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Prospectus located at http://bit.ly/1SuC3Om</span>
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">17:57:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We have no way of collecting the money for sponsorship, so we encourage those who wish to sponsor to purchase something for the event like coffee, food, etc.
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">17:57:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> "We have no way of collecting the money for sponsorship" ?
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">17:58:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> there is also a coderdojo group in nuremberg who focus on younger kids https://coderdojo-nbg.org/
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">17:58:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> other than what people give at the venue
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">17:58:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> which would be used for the things we need
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">17:58:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> so no bank account where the money could go?
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">17:59:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Doug, SUSE won't make the sponsors transaction like before?
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">17:59:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> correct me if I'm wrong, but the money is
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">17:59:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> thank you
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">17:59:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I was just about to ask
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:00:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The sponsorships are based on agreements. once money starts being exchanged across companies, it gets into a touchy topic
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:01:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Since 2011 I'm part of it and did work perfectly
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:01:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> it's best that sponsors agree on the purchase of different items for the event to make everything work
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:02:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> 2011 is the best example from what I heard
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:02:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> how's that?
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:02:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Take prospectus to CLT, LinuxFest NW, etc.</span>
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:03:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I think we are good on the prospectus. We had a lot of people look it over
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:03:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bear454&gt;</span> Yes, it looks much better now
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:03:22 </span><span class="nka">* bear454</span> <span class="ac">mumbles about not liking the rainbow</span>
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:03:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> on the other hand, isn't that a bit difficult? If a local company has to invoice another company (our sponsor) which will deposit the money eventually but we cannot really put much pressure on when that happens? And we will need to give different details to each of our vendors
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:03:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ^^ that's right
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:04:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agree</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:04:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> a company needs an invoice to assure the transaction
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> not just about money but logo, image, ...
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:05:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> moreover some of our sponsors might prefer to say we are giving X amount for openSUSE Conference as a sponsorship, instead of paying for goods. It is also an accounting issue
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> It's the structure, status, etc. It's just the way it is. We don't have a means for collecting or invoicing the money
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:06:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> oh I thought we were discussing which way we would prefer
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:07:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> then it is final that SUSE won't be the intermediate for money?
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:07:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ddemaio so you are saying that SUSE won't send the invoice for our sponsors?
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:07:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> correct
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:07:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> SUSE didn't intermediate, just made the paperwork
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> should we move on to the next topic
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:09:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Summits with Conference</span>
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:09:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There will be four summits coinciding with oSC16.</span>
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:09:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Submit SUSE Labs Summit proposal on events.opensuse.org under type ‘Submit SUSE Labs Summit’</span>
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:09:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Contact seigo@kolabsystems.com and info@hcderaad.nl for proposals for Kolab Summit</span>
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:09:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Submit OwnCloud proposal on events.opensuse.org under type ‘OwnCloud’</span>
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:09:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Submit SaltStack proposal on events.opensuse.org under type ‘SaltStack’</span>
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:10:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> sorry it is not clear about the sponsor
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ask Roland and operations about sponsorship collection</span>
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:11:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I'll have to clarify tomorrow, but I think that's the case for most that there is no way of collecting the money.
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:12:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> /msg nickserv register @D@redev1L nmantas.archery@gmail.com
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:12:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> collecting is different from invoice potential sponsors ;)
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:12:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> thank you
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:12:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> with a note that the money received by SUSE, would be then spent for osc needs.
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:14:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> yes. my experience with it last year was that the money helped to subsidize the overall cost paid.
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:15:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> same the years before
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:15:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I meant it more in a way that there will be no cash surplus for SUSE
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:17:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> no surplus. Just subsidize expenses that lower the bigger amount SUSE budgets for the conference
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Follow Up</span>
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Contract not signed yet, but we should move forward like it is.</span>
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The dates we are showing are June 22 - 26. That is 5 days. I recommend we make the dates June 22 - 25 or keep June 26 and only make it a half day or hack session. Thoughts?
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">write a story about dates, location, logo, registration and call for papers.</span>
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">donations can be accepted, but must be used for conference activities</span>
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There is no way to collect money for tickets.</span>
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:18:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The donations fall are a similar type of issue
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:18:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> onsite cash donations?
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:18:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:19:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> onsite donations should be used for the conference. Snacks, etc
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:20:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Could we discuss the date really quick
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:20:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agree </span><span class="cmdline">on making 26 just half a day</span>
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:20:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> thanks cwh
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:20:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I think that would be wise. Tearing down shouldn't take that long
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:21:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> June 25 will be Sunday
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:21:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> Still quite long for a conference ...
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:21:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I don't think 26 is interesting even half day
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:21:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> 26 is a sunday
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:21:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> 25 is a Saturday
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:22:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ok, thanks, sorry!
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:22:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We have the location from 21 to 26
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:22:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> so if it's sunday I'd go for a half day/ whole day
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:22:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> anyone else agree with that
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:22:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:23:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> we should announce early at what time we will finish on Sunday (26th June), so that people have a chance to adapt their travelling plans accordingly (lots of ppl will travel on Sunday I guess)
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:23:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:24:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> the same way we should decide what we will do the first day of the conf, will there be a pre-registration party? On Monday? On Tuesday? Sessions will start since Tuesday morning?
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">18:24:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">publish info on Sunday as a half day. give time of end</span>
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">18:24:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> this leads into the next point
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">18:24:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Rooms</span>
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">18:24:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Galerie vom 21. bis 24. Juni 2016</span>
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">18:24:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Saal vom 21. bis 26. Juni 2016</span>
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">18:24:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Seminarraum 1 vom 21. bis 26. Juni 2016</span>
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">18:24:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Seminarraum 2 vom 21. bis 26. Juni 2016</span>
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">18:24:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Option available for getting more rooms.</span>
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">18:24:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Walk through scheduled for April 15</span>
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">18:25:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We could plan a pre-oSC party for 21
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">18:26:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Should make this for next weeks agenda
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">18:26:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We can go by date and plan social events
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">18:26:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">18:27:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> This is what I propose for next weeks meeting
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">18:28:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agree</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">18:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics for next meeting</span>
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">18:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Social events Planning</span>
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">18:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Entertainment Planning</span>
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">18:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing Status</span>
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">18:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Keynote Status</span>
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">18:28:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Trello Cards</span>
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">18:28:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Hotels/Hostels Update</span>
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">18:28:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">sponsorship status</span>
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">18:28:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Outreach/Education</span>
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">18:29:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> any more to add. I'll close the meeting if nothing else needs to be added
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">18:29:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> we should probably also discuss swag and equipment. Badges, tshirts, video recording, network
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">18:29:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> (which would require info on budget first)
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">18:29:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">t-Shirt</span>
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">18:30:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">swag</span>
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">18:30:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">equipment</span>
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">18:30:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> videos we could do on trello cards
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">18:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">18:31:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> oh and food/drinks at the venue, near the venue. Not sure if I missed the info on that
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">18:31:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> we haven't discussed that yet
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">18:31:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">food/drinks</span>
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">18:32:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">create trello card for food and drinks</span>
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">18:32:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> network is being organized by lars team
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">18:32:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> excellent :)
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">18:33:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> They will evaluate at the walk through on April 15
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">18:33:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link  </span><span class="cmdline">week 1 notes - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-02-02-16.59.html</span>
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">18:33:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I'll end the meeting now
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">18:33:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> thank you for the coordination :)
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">18:33:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> have a good night, day, morning
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">18:33:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> thank you
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">18:33:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
