<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">16:59:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">16:59:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Feb  2 16:59:53 2016 UTC.  The chair is ddemaio. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">16:59:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">17:00:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">ddemaio</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">17:00:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: ddemaio
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">17:01:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Thank you all for coming to the first organizing team meeting for oSC16
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">17:01:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I’m going to post by topic. We can discuss the topic. I’ll add the info. If you want to add info to the topic,  put a hashtag info.
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">17:01:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The plan is to have the meeting from 1700 UTC to 1800 UTC
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">17:01:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> If you want to do live video during the meeting, go to https://appear.in/oSC16
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">17:01:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Only 8 people can be in the video room at once.
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">17:02:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Location</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">17:02:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The location is expected to be the ZBau.</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">17:02:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ZBau - We have the location from June 21-26.</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">17:02:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ZBau - Contract not signed yet. Must have lawyer look over the contract</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">17:03:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The Nuremberg Arena is the backup plan.</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">17:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">A list of rooms should be available for the next meeting</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">17:03:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Any points of discussion regarding the location?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">17:04:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> By the way, the https://appear.in/oSC16 only works with FireFox
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">17:05:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> moving on
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">17:05:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Sponsorship</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">17:05:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Prospectus located at https://en.opensuse.org/images/0/0f/OpenSUSE_Conference_2016_Prospectus.pdf</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">17:06:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I would like to make the sponsorship topic a regular discussion every week. Can someone second me on that?
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">17:07:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Anyone
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">17:09:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">17:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Program Committee</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">17:10:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The program committee is scheduled to review submissions May 1 - May 15</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">17:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Questions about the committee?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">17:13:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Summits with Conference</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">17:14:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There will be four summits coinciding with oSC16.</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">17:14:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">SUSE Labs Summit</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">17:14:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Kolab Summit</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">17:14:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">OwnCloud Summit</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">17:14:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">SaltStack Summit</span>
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">17:14:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Any questions regarding the summits or any ideas anyone wants to suggest?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">17:15:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Call for paper</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">17:16:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The dates for submission are Jan. 15 through April 15.</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">17:18:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Presentations are Lightning Talks (10 mins), Short Talk (30 mins), Long Talk (60 mins), Workshop (3 hours)</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">17:18:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Registration</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">17:18:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> hi ddemaio
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">17:19:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Hi ChrisBr.
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">17:19:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> sorry for beeing late... thought 17 UTC is 19 in Germany :(
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">17:19:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> give me a minute to read the backlog
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">17:20:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> That's ok. It will be in a few months
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">17:20:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">17:20:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> yeah right :)
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">17:20:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> also pinged digitltom
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">17:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cwh:</span> you there
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">17:21:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> i am also here
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">17:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> cool. did you need some time to read the backlog
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">17:22:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Registration is now open. Feb. 1 - until end of conference.</span>
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">17:23:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I recommend we wait to announce the registration until we have a logo and the lawyer agrees to sign the contract with the venue.
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">17:23:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> does anyone agree or disagree with that idea
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">17:24:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> on events.opensuse.org registration seems to be possible already
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">17:24:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> I think we should not announce before signing the venue contract
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">17:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> the registration is open but not announced yet
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">17:24:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> agree with digitltom
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">17:25:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agree</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">17:25:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> do we have tickets for this year conference? Because atm you can't select one when registering
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">17:25:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agree</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">17:25:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">17:26:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> in previous years we had for instance a supported ticket etc
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">17:26:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> we can
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">17:27:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#tickets</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">17:27:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> what do you guys recommend
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">17:27:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> I don't know if this was successfully! I can investigate if and how many we sold in previous years. And we have to check how we want to do the payment, who gets the money etc
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">17:28:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> last year tickets were 35 euro
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">17:28:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> do we have experience if the prices and setup of the tickets the last years was successful?
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">17:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> we can find that out for instance in osem
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">17:29:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I see it. It doesn't look like it worked
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">17:29:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> ok, than no tickets?
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">17:30:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> second that
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">17:30:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> if this does not work with the tickets, maybe a donation box at the registration desk?
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">17:30:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">tickets not necessary.</span>
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">17:30:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> do we need the money to pay the conference or what was the reason for the paid tickets?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">17:31:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Not really sure
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">17:31:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> maybe it's better to just sell merchandice, beer and have the option to donate?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">17:31:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The only thing I could think of is it went toward buying some beer
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">17:32:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> raise the beer price instead :-)
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">17:32:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> I think we just had it because we had it in the year before ... and so on
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">17:33:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> i could imagine some participants expensed the ticket with their employer, that would not be possible when buying beer. But that is just an assumption and when you see in osem hat no tickets were sold, it does not make sense that way.
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">17:33:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Should we donate the money collected to free software foundation europe
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">17:33:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> they could use it in a more productive way
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">17:33:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> if we can afford so
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">17:34:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> also we already have the opportunity to be a sponsor! The cheapest sponsoring is support which is 200
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">17:34:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> maybe we should announce this somewhere during registration, people can this also expense I guess
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">17:34:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> maybe we can advertize this to professional visitors
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">17:34:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">17:34:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> That I believe is designed to support TSP, but not sure
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">17:34:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> instead of a ticket
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">17:35:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> hey hey!
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">17:35:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> yes
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">17:35:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> sorry for being late
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">17:35:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> but more money for TSP is also a good thing ;)
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">17:35:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ChrisBr:</span> Not sure if that is correct
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">17:35:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> if the sponsoring is only for TSP I guess the conference is already fully covered by SUSE?
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">17:36:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> okay
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">17:36:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I think it might be to supplement
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">17:36:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">find out where €200 supporters money goes toward</span>
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">17:37:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Donations</span>
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">17:37:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I will find out about the supporters money for next week
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">17:38:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> With donations, did you want to have any money we collect at the venue to go toward FSFE?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">17:39:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> can we decide that?
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">17:39:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> or half?
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">17:39:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> I think this is something board has to decide...
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">17:39:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We can put it as a topic. I can find out more info and then we can take a vote at a future meeting.
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">17:39:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> donations != sponsoring, right? Donations means what digitltom suggested with the donations box ?
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">17:40:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We can list it in advance and if anyone has an interest in where the money goes, they can attend that meeting. Too include the board
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">17:41:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">17:41:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> no. Donations would be specific to any that are collected at oSC. Sponsorship is seperate
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">17:41:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">17:41:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">17:42:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Find out if we can give donations made during oSC to a project/organization</span>
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">17:43:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">decide on a future date to bring the donations given at oSC to a vote</span>
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">17:43:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Logo</span>
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">17:44:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I recommend using the openSUSE Asia Summit logo to create more consistency with our oSC logo. It offers brand identity with the chameleon, a year and a landmark for localized marketing.
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">17:44:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> i have some ideas in mind
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">17:45:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">17:46:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> who did the asia summit logo!
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">17:46:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> I like the idea with the brand identity etc
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">17:46:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> Or should we make an open call at the opensuse art page?
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">17:46:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I know, but can't think of the name off of my head
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">17:46:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I made a test version http://s12.postimg.org/pmsrh065p/test.png
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">17:48:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> actually it's really nice...
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">17:48:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> already looks nice
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">17:48:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> I also like it!
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">17:48:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> are those the original colours?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">17:48:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> maybe someone of the designers can polish it ...
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">17:48:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> because it looks like a slightly darker green behind the 16
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">17:48:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Yes. He sent me the file a while back, so I tinkered around with some ideas
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">17:49:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I think it might be the image quality I saved it at
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">17:49:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">orion_0:</span> a contest would delay selecting a logo for several weeks ... and I'm not sure we'll get a better logo with a contest
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">17:50:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The colors follow the recommended guidelines
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">17:50:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> https://events.opensuse.org/system/conferences/logos/000/000/026/original/logo-light.png?1443584137
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">17:50:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> @ChrisBr yeah you are right
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">17:50:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> it's also darker for the old logo
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">17:51:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> What do you all think
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">17:51:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> should we bring it to a vote
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">17:52:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> I like it
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">17:52:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> i also like it
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">17:53:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> and i need to leave folks... I suggest to use some kind of tracking system for tasks and progress
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">17:53:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> i like it too
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">17:53:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed </span><span class="cmdline">- use http://s12.postimg.org/pmsrh065p/test.png for logo</span>
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">17:54:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> you're right e.g. trello
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">17:54:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Task Tracker</span>
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">17:54:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> we have a trello board. Should we use that? it's already set up with feedback from last years conference
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">17:55:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> progress or trello
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">17:55:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> i dont mind
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">17:55:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> I'd suggest to use a new one and just copy old cards if they're relevant
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">17:55:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> otherwise I guess it's confusing
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">17:56:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok. Anyone else agree
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">17:56:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I now we could move the cards and create working, planning, done, etc
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">17:56:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> on trello that is
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">17:57:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ChrisBr:</span> you're suggesting a new trello board
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">17:58:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> yes! I would use a new one and if there're cards from the old which are relevant we can copy them
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">17:59:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> but I don't know the old board
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">17:59:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> but in generel, I think using the old board can be confusing
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">18:00:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> It appears to be a private board. I'll make a public board and carry the relevant card to a new one.
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">18:00:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">use trello</span>
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">18:01:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> or you can add us to the old one too
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">18:01:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">copy cards to a new oSC16 public board on trello</span>
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">18:01:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> mostly it's a milk list
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">18:02:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I could add the emails for everyone
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">18:03:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Let's just go with a new board. I'll copy the old ones and make an organizing team one. I'll also do one for the Program Committee for the things that are relevant to them.
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">18:04:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> we can make it public so people can track it
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">18:04:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> one more topic
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">18:04:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">18:04:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">18:04:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> if it's public, does everyone has write access?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">18:04:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Themes</span>
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">18:04:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> because if yes, I wouldn't make it public ...
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:04:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Here are the current themes suggested
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:04:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Stacks-n-Tracks
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:04:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Vision and Purpose
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:04:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> The Whole Stack
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:04:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Community and Enterprise
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:04:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> oSC &amp; You
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:05:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Does anyone have any themes they want to present?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:05:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Stacks-n-Tracks</span>
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:05:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Vision and Purpose</span>
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:05:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The Whole Stack</span>
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:05:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Community and Enterprise</span>
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:05:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">oSC &amp; You</span>
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:05:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;plinnell&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> o/  project meeting or something else ?
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:05:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;plinnell&gt;</span> goodto see you at scale
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:06:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> yes. good to see you to
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:06:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> hope you are too tired from the traveling. Someone in a kilt asked for you at FOSDEM
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:06:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;plinnell&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:06:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;plinnell&gt;</span> already been to Canada and now off to Chicago
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:06:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> do you have or can create a short description of the themes?
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:07:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;plinnell&gt;</span> actually on the plane :)
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;plinnell&gt;</span> http://flightaware.com/live/flight/VRD204
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:07:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Safe travels
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:07:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;plinnell&gt;</span> irc at 35000 nifty ;)
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:08:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> With the theme, I think we should leave it up to the Program committee
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:08:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I think this would give them more focus
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:08:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:09:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> cool. ok
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics next meeting</span>
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Tracks</span>
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing</span>
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Volunteers</span>
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Hotels</span>
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:09:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Keynote</span>
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:09:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Outreach/Education</span>
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:09:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">sponsorship</span>
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:09:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> this is just a listing for next meeting
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Points to review for next meeting</span>
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:10:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">donations</span>
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:10:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">where money goes for supporters</span>
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:10:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> are we done with the logo?
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I would say so
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:11:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> unless we want to revisit that topic
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:11:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> no. i just wanted a conclusive answer.It is nice so we are done
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:11:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ja or na
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:12:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:12:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> so. Thank you all for participating
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:12:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#trello </span><span class="cmdline">boards</span>
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:13:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I'll end the meeting now unless someone wants to discuss something else
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:13:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> ok goodbye guys! cu next time
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:13:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> cool. one last thing
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:13:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> next week we have a few people that won't be able to make it
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:14:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Should we have the next meeting on Feb. 16
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:14:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next Meeting</span>
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:14:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> yeah. it's fair for them to participate since they have informed us
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">18:15:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#agreed</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">18:15:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok. Next meeting is
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">18:15:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Feb. 16</span>
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">18:15:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Have a lot of fun!
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">18:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;orion_0&gt;</span> CU
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">18:15:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
