=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by ChrisBr at 17:00:47 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-03-15-17.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* openSUSE Conference 2016 meeting  (ChrisBr, 17:01:22)
  * Conference update - current numbers as of March 15: 62 Registration,
    41 proposals  (ChrisBr, 17:01:34)
  * Looking at the possibility to have LPI exams at oSC16  (ChrisBr,
    17:01:57)

* Topics for meetin  (ChrisBr, 17:02:22)
  * Social events Planning  (ChrisBr, 17:02:29)
  * Volunteer tasks  (ChrisBr, 17:02:34)
  * Entertainment Planning  (ChrisBr, 17:02:42)
  * Marketing Status  (ChrisBr, 17:02:47)
  * Keynote Status  (ChrisBr, 17:02:59)
  * Trello Cards  (ChrisBr, 17:03:03)
  * Outreach/Education Status  (ChrisBr, 17:03:07)
  * Equipment update  (ChrisBr, 17:03:12)
  * Swag update  (ChrisBr, 17:03:16)

* Social events Planning  (ChrisBr, 17:03:25)
  * SUSE Band no update  (ChrisBr, 17:03:29)

* Volunteer team  (ChrisBr, 17:03:37)
  * need computer and two people for registration  (ChrisBr, 17:03:41)
  * need to pack bags for attendees  (ChrisBr, 17:03:49)
  * Make sure speakers have water  (ChrisBr, 17:03:54)
  * Might need volunteer bar tenders  (ChrisBr, 17:04:00)

* Entertainment Planning  (ChrisBr, 17:04:53)
  * Published article about entertainment options -
    http://bit.ly/1VN0Jjm  (ChrisBr, 17:04:57)
  * voting ends March 15  (ChrisBr, 17:05:05)

* Marketing Status  (ChrisBr, 17:07:12)
  * Sponsorship prospectus being brought to Cebit, CLT & LinuxFestNW
    (ChrisBr, 17:07:40)
  * The following are listed as actionable items:  (ChrisBr, 17:09:17)
  * ACTION: produce video about Nuremberg and info about public
    transportation  (ChrisBr, 17:09:21)
  * ACTION: highlight talks  (ChrisBr, 17:09:24)
  * ACTION: Articles about Summits  (ChrisBr, 17:09:27)
  * ACTION: Social Media posts need to be developed and released for
    oSC16  (ChrisBr, 17:09:32)
  * ACTION: Need posters for the conference (already ordered AFAIK)
    (ChrisBr, 17:09:44)

* Keynote Status  (ChrisBr, 17:09:49)
  * Norman Fraser, Ph.D. CEO of SoftIron  (ChrisBr, 17:09:53)
  * Michael Miller, President of strategy, alliances and marketing for
    SUSE  (ChrisBr, 17:09:56)
  * Frank Karlitschek agreed to be a keynote speaker  (ChrisBr,
    17:10:00)
  * Kolab plans on providing a keynote speaker, which will give oSC16
    one per day. It will likely be Aaron Seigo or Georg Greve  (ChrisBr,
    17:10:06)
  * Status on local or state politician progressing  (ChrisBr, 17:10:10)

* Trello Cards  (ChrisBr, 17:12:19)
  * Trello Cards are updated https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO  (ChrisBr,
    17:12:23)

* Outreach/Education  (ChrisBr, 17:22:16)
  * ChrisBr is in contact with Joschi Kuphal joschi@tollwerk.de
    regarding hosting the next CoderDojo at OSC16  (ChrisBr, 17:22:25)
  * http://coderdojo-nbg.org/  (ChrisBr, 17:22:46)
  * Joschi likes the idea but has to contact the other mentors first
    (ChrisBr, 17:22:54)
  * The CoderDojo would need to take place on Saturday (during week the
    kids are at school and parents at work)  (ChrisBr, 17:22:57)
  * It would last the whole Saturday, Joschi would organize it, we only
    need to provide a room an infrastructure  (ChrisBr, 17:23:01)
  * Joschi would also be open to organize an Indiewebcamp  (ChrisBr,
    17:23:51)
  * It would also last a full day but during the week  (ChrisBr,
    17:23:54)
  * We already have an ownCloud, Kolab and SUSE Labs summit, so we have
    to decide if we still have room for an Indiwebcamp  (ChrisBr,
    17:23:58)
  * If we decide against an IndieWebcamp he would submitt an Indieweb
    talk  (ChrisBr, 17:24:17)
  * University of Applied Science would hang up posters if we sent them
    a few  (ChrisBr, 17:25:23)
  * AFAIK ddemaio already ordered a first bunch of posters  (ChrisBr,
    17:25:28)

* Equipment update  (ChrisBr, 17:25:31)
  * Waiting on a list of needed items. A walk through is scheduled for
    April 15 at 1400.  (ChrisBr, 17:25:35)

* Swag  (ChrisBr, 17:25:44)
  * waiting on response from ownCloud on where they ordered the pins
    (ChrisBr, 17:25:47)
  * waiting on offer for stickers  (ChrisBr, 17:25:50)
  * ACTION: purchase bags for conference  (ChrisBr, 17:25:55)

* Topics for next meeting  (ChrisBr, 17:27:29)
  * Social events Planning  (ChrisBr, 17:27:32)
  * Entertainment Planning  (ChrisBr, 17:27:36)
  * Marketing Status  (ChrisBr, 17:27:39)
  * Keynote Status  (ChrisBr, 17:27:42)
  * Trello Cards  (ChrisBr, 17:27:45)
  * Outreach/Education Status  (ChrisBr, 17:27:47)
  * volunteer tasks  (ChrisBr, 17:27:50)
  * Equipment update  (ChrisBr, 17:27:53)
  * Swag update  (ChrisBr, 17:27:57)



Meeting ended at 17:28:57 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* ChrisBr (109)
* cboltz (7)
* bugbot (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4