<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">17:00:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">17:00:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Mar 15 17:00:47 2016 UTC.  The chair is ChrisBr. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">17:00:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">17:01:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Conference 2016 meeting</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">17:01:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Conference update - current numbers as of March 15: 62 Registration, 41 proposals</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">17:01:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Looking at the possibility to have LPI exams at oSC16</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">17:02:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics for meetin</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">17:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Social events Planning</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">17:02:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Volunteer tasks</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">17:02:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Entertainment Planning</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">17:02:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing Status</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">17:02:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Keynote Status</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">17:03:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Trello Cards</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">17:03:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Outreach/Education Status</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">17:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Equipment update</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">17:03:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Swag update</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">17:03:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Social events Planning</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">17:03:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">SUSE Band no update</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">17:03:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Volunteer team</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">17:03:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">need computer and two people for registration</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">17:03:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">need to pack bags for attendees</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">17:03:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Make sure speakers have water</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">17:04:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Might need volunteer bar tenders</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">17:04:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> anything else regarding volunteer team?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">17:04:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> ok, so I'll continue
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">17:04:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Entertainment Planning</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">17:04:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Info </span><span class="cmdline">Published article about entertainment options - http://bit.ly/1VN0Jjm</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">17:05:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">voting ends March 15</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">17:05:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> I guess ddemaio will post the results in next weeks organization meeting
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">17:05:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Current schedule for the entertainment
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">17:05:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> June 21 - pre-conference party starts at 7 p.m.
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">17:05:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> June 22
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">17:05:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> June 23
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">17:05:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> June 24 - SUSE Band (waiting for confirmation)
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">17:05:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> June 25 -
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">17:06:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> June 26 - Beer Garden (suggestion)
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">17:06:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> anything else regarding entertainment planning?
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">17:07:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> ok, I'll continue than
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">17:07:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing Status</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">17:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Annoucement article - http://bit.ly/1KY0ilr 218 clicks
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">17:07:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> T-Shirt Article for submitting proposals  - http://bit.ly/1QxzN2H 308 clicks
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">17:07:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Poll article - http://bit.ly/1VN0Jjm 70 clicks
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">17:07:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Hotel/hostel announcement - http://bit.ly/1QBp3o8 87 clicks
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">17:07:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Sponsorship prospectus being brought to Cebit, CLT &amp; LinuxFestNW</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">17:07:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> We probably need some type of card to advertise the event.
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">17:08:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> ddemaio also submitted an order for OSC posters
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">17:08:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> not sure when they will arrive but I guess soon so that we can start to distribute them
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">17:08:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> anything else regarding marketing status?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">17:09:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> okay, we still have three action items for marketing:
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">17:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The following are listed as actionable items:</span>
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">17:09:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">produce video about Nuremberg and info about public transportation</span>
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">17:09:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">highlight talks</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">17:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Articles about Summits</span>
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">17:09:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Social Media posts need to be developed and released for oSC16</span>
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">17:09:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Need posters for the conference (already ordered AFAIK)</span>
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">17:09:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Keynote Status</span>
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">17:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Norman Fraser, Ph.D. CEO of SoftIron</span>
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">17:09:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Michael Miller, President of strategy, alliances and marketing for SUSE</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">17:10:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Frank Karlitschek agreed to be a keynote speaker</span>
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">17:10:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Kolab plans on providing a keynote speaker, which will give oSC16 one per day. It will likely be Aaron Seigo or Georg Greve</span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">17:10:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Status on local or state politician progressing</span>
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">17:10:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> anything else regarding keynote spearker status?
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">17:12:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> so I'll continue
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">17:12:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Trello Cards</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">17:12:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Trello Cards are updated https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">17:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> Any cards we want to discuss?
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">17:14:06 </span><span class="nka">* cboltz</span> <span class="ac">loves the "have different color tshirts for ... Helpless" card ;-)</span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">17:14:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> cool, thanks cboltz!
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">17:14:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> now I'm not feeling so alone anymore :)
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">17:15:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> so everybody who arrives at the conference and shouts "Help me!" gets a tshirt? ;-)
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">17:15:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> I guess everyone will get a shirt ;)
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">17:16:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">17:18:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> on a more serious note/question - is someone going to organize a key signing party?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">17:18:24 </span><span class="nka">* cboltz</span> <span class="ac">already submitted two proposals and would prefer to delegate this to someone else</span>
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">17:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> AFAIK, no! But you could for instance submitt a workshop / schedule ;)
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">17:19:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> ah, ok! Yeah, maybe I can reach out to someone from the SUSE Security team, they organized an internal one last year...
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">17:19:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> thanks for the suggestions
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">17:19:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">17:19:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> a hardware question - does someone have "buzzers" for the openSUSE jeopardy?
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">17:20:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> I can do it without real buzzers, but having real buzzers would be nice ;-)
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">17:21:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> no idea, maybe you could ask at the opensuse-project ml?
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">17:22:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> so, next topic!
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">17:22:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Outreach/Education</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">17:22:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ChrisBr is in contact with Joschi Kuphal joschi@tollwerk.de regarding hosting the next CoderDojo at OSC16</span>
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">17:22:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">http://coderdojo-nbg.org/</span>
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">17:22:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Joschi likes the idea but has to contact the other mentors first</span>
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">17:22:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The CoderDojo would need to take place on Saturday (during week the kids are at school and parents at work)</span>
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">17:23:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">It would last the whole Saturday, Joschi would organize it, we only need to provide a room an infrastructure</span>
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">17:23:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> so please send feedback if you like or dislike this idea!
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">17:23:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Joschi would also be open to organize an Indiewebcamp</span>
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">17:23:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">It would also last a full day but during the week</span>
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">17:23:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We already have an ownCloud, Kolab and SUSE Labs summit, so we have to decide if we still have room for an Indiwebcamp</span>
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">17:24:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">If we decide against an IndieWebcamp he would submitt an Indieweb talk</span>
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">17:24:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> again, please send feedback if you like this idea or not (soon!)
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">17:24:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> any comments?
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">17:25:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> okay, continue
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">17:25:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">University of Applied Science would hang up posters if we sent them a few</span>
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">17:25:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">AFAIK ddemaio already ordered a first bunch of posters</span>
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">17:25:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Equipment update</span>
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">17:25:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Waiting on a list of needed items. A walk through is scheduled for April 15 at 1400.</span>
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">17:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Swag</span>
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">17:25:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">waiting on response from ownCloud on where they ordered the pins</span>
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">17:25:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">waiting on offer for stickers</span>
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">17:25:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">purchase bags for conference</span>
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">17:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> any comments regarding swag?
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">17:27:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> okay, so that's it for this week, topics for next week are:
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">17:27:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics for next meeting</span>
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">17:27:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Social events Planning</span>
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">17:27:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Entertainment Planning</span>
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">17:27:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing Status</span>
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">17:27:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Keynote Status</span>
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">17:27:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Trello Cards</span>
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">17:27:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Outreach/Education Status</span>
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">17:27:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">volunteer tasks</span>
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">17:27:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Equipment update</span>
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">17:27:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Swag update</span>
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">17:28:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> thanks cboltz for participating ... Hopefully we'll have some more input next week!
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">17:28:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ChrisBr&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
