<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">17:03:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">17:03:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Apr 26 17:03:42 2016 UTC.  The chair is ddemaio1. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">17:03:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">17:04:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">ddemaio1</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">17:04:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: ddemaio1
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">17:04:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Conference update - current numbers as of April 26: 153 Registration, 133 proposals (does not include Kolab and 1 more keynotes. Expect a few more items to be added)</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">17:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics for meeting</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">17:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Program Committee Update</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">17:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Entertainment Update</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">17:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Requests for TSP Timeline</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">17:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing Status</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">17:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Structure/Capacity Update</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">17:04:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Equipment Update</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">17:04:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Swag Update</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">17:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Program Committee update</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">17:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Selecting presentations</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">17:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> The PC team is rating the presentations. The highest rating well be accepted.
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">17:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Need rating from the committee to be finished by Friday</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">17:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> There are Lightning Talk: 11 Short Talk: 50 Long Talk: 46 Workshop: 13 entered.
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">17:06:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> I did some calculations about the presentations.
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">17:06:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> Right now, capacity is limited to 78 hours for Lightning Talks, Short Talks, Long Talks and Workshops. I am trying to get another room to add a few more hours to the program.
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">17:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> There is 128 hours of submissions, which means the Program Committee will need to reject 39 percent of the submissions.
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">17:08:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> If we get an extra room, we can lower the percentage of submissions that are rejected
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">17:09:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> Any discussion we want to have on this topic?
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">17:10:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">17:10:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Entertainment Update</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">17:10:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> June 21 - pre-conference party (agreed)
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">17:10:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> June 22 - City Tour
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">17:10:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> June 23 - City Tour
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">17:10:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> June 24 - SUSE Band (6:30 p.m. - 8 p.m.)
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">17:10:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> June 25 -  City Tour
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">17:10:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> June 26 - Beer Garden (suggestion)
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">17:11:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> openSUSE beer for the pre-conference party is ordered
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">17:11:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The city tours are entered into the schedule.</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">17:11:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> Registration is required. Still need to work out the details of the registration and 25 person limit
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">17:11:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Requests for TSP Timeline</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">17:11:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> Requests can start now.
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">17:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">May 9 is the last day to submit a TSP request for oSC16.</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">17:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> Please make sure to start your TSP for oSC16 between now and then
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">17:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Travel_Support_Program</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">17:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing Status</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">17:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> Annoucement article - http://bit.ly/1KY0ilr 218 clicks
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">17:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> T-Shirt Article for submitting proposals  - http://bit.ly/1QxzN2H 308 clicks
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">17:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> Hotel/hostel announcement - http://bit.ly/1QBp3o8 128 clicks
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">17:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> Update on openSUSE Conference - http://bit.ly/1MVxAgQ 190 clicks
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">17:12:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">oSC16 promo video published today - http://bit.ly/1RC2ArO 473 Views</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">17:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> Conference update - http://bit.ly/1YGDSHr 85 clicks
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">17:12:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">highlight talks (May 1 - June 20)</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">17:13:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> Once we get the ratings and confirm the talks, we can highlight them
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">17:14:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Structure/Capacity</span>
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">17:14:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">June 22 - SUSE Labs / SaltStack / IndieWebCamp (confirmed)</span>
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">17:14:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">June 23 - oSC16/ownCloud (confirmed)</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">17:14:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">June 24 - oSC16 /Kolab (suggested) / ownCloud (confirmed)</span>
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">17:14:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">June 25 - oSC16/Kolab/ CoderDojo (confirmed)</span>
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">17:14:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">June 26 - oSC16</span>
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">17:14:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> Mockup layout of the daily events - http://bit.ly/232WimZ
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">17:14:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> The items can be swapped out, but the breaks should remain. We must have the Saal room clear on June 24 at 17:00. The Galerie must be finished on June 25 at 17:00.
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">17:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Equipment update</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">17:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Info </span><span class="cmdline">Audio system has been ordered for the two big rooms for the conference. SUSE Band will have audio engineer + audio system.</span>
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">17:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Internet at venue is being upgraded to a T1 ISP. (Progress unknown)</span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">17:18:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Swag</span>
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">17:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">stickers received</span>
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">17:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Pins ordered</span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">17:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Bag ordered</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">17:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Tshirts are being ordered</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">17:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics for next meeting</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">17:18:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Accepted Proposals</span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">17:18:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Requests for TSP Timeline</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">17:18:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing Status</span>
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">17:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Keynote Update</span>
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">17:18:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Trello Cards</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">17:18:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Start Scheduling</span>
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">17:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Equipment update</span>
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">17:18:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Swag update</span>
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">17:19:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Week 10 notes - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-04-19-17.00.html</span>
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">17:19:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Week 9  notes - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-04-05-17.02.html</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">17:19:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Week 8 notes - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-03-29-17.04.html</span>
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">17:19:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Week 7 notes - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-03-22-17.01.html</span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">17:19:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Week 6 notes - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-03-15-17.00.html</span>
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">17:19:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">week 5 notes -  http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-03-08-17.00.html</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">17:19:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">week 4 notes - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-03-01-17.01.html</span>
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">17:19:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">week 3 notes - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-02-23-17.00.html</span>
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">17:19:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">week 2 notes - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-02-16-17.00.html</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">17:19:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link  </span><span class="cmdline">week 1 notes - http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2016/opensuse-project.2016-02-02-16.59.html</span>
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">17:19:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Trello board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO</span>
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">17:19:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Outreach - https://coderdojo-nbg.org/</span>
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">17:19:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">- https://owncloud.org/hackathon/</span>
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">17:19:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">RibWich - http://www.ribwich.de</span>
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">17:20:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> If anyone wants to comment on the info above, please feel free.
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">17:21:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexandros&gt;</span> !
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">17:21:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexandros&gt;</span> Do we have-need volunteers?
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">17:21:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexandros&gt;</span> do we have something for that until know?
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">17:24:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> we could use some volunteers
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">17:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jclrb&gt;</span> Will some of these talks and workshops be available online? (Or are they not suitable to that format?)
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">17:26:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jclrb&gt;</span> (First time hearing about this, just curious)
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">17:27:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> Chris Branston will do lead that, but we can have a sign up sheet like you suggested on trello alexandros
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">17:27:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexandros&gt;</span> thanks ddemaio1
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">17:28:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jclrb:</span> We plan of recording the presentations and posting them on the youtube channel like we did last year
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">17:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jclrb&gt;</span> Thats great, thanks ddemaio1 !
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">17:30:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jclrb:</span> we do plan on having a meeting the last day, June 26. the board and several members will be there and we will take questions through IRC as well.
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">17:32:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> anyone else have any questions/comments
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">17:35:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> thx all
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">17:35:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio1&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
