===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by ilmehtar_work at 15:01:51 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2014/opensuse-project.2014-07-09-15.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Review of Action Items from the Last Meeting  (ilmehtar_work,
  15:04:48)
  * Sources for the New openSUSE Marketing Materials are temporarily
    available at https://github.com/sysrich/opensuse-newbrandguidelines
    (ilmehtar_work, 15:06:33)
  * Kenneth and Zvezdana are still working on a new website which will
    provide these materials along with guidences on fonts, colours, etc.
    Discussions are ongoing in opensuse-artwork@opensuse.org, feel free
    to join the conversation  (ilmehtar_work, 15:07:41)
  * ACTION: Henne to help Richard setup the website for the marketing
    materials/guidelines once they're completed  (ilmehtar_work,
    15:08:11)

* GSoC Status  (ilmehtar_work, 15:09:46)
  * Great News! - All GSoC participants passed their mid term
    evaulations  (ilmehtar_work, 15:10:43)
  * Past issues with Mentor Stipends + Travel Payments all cleared up.
    Manu and Dominik are expected to attend the Mentors Summit
    (ilmehtar_work, 15:12:58)

* Booth Boxes/Events  (ilmehtar_work, 15:14:30)
  * We've still got plenty of Booth Boxes just waiting for people to use
    them to represent openSUSE at events.  (ilmehtar_work, 15:16:29)
  * If you're going to a FOSS event around the world and would like to
    represent openSUSE, we'd love to hear from you and ship all the
    materials you'll need to make a real splash  (ilmehtar_work,
    15:17:03)
  * the openSUSE Team have put together a great application for
    processing requests, but we'd like to make sure it works, so please
    contact board@opensuse.org to let us know and we'll talk you through
    the process.  (ilmehtar_work, 15:18:08)
  * the next event we're likely to be at is GUADEC at the end of this
    month. If you're going and willing to help at an openSUSE booth
    there, please contact rbrownccb@opensuse.org  (ilmehtar_work,
    15:18:53)
  * LINK: http://summit.opensuse.org/   (robjo, 15:20:27)
  * We're also going to have an openSUSE Summit in Bejing
    (ilmehtar_work, 15:20:29)
  * http://summit.opensuse.org  (ilmehtar_work, 15:20:42)

* Next meeting date  (ilmehtar_work, 15:28:32)
  * the next openSUSE Project IRC meeting will be 15:00 UTC on 23rd
    July, in #opensuse-project on irc.freenode.org as usual. See you
    there!  (ilmehtar_work, 15:29:35)



Meeting ended at 15:29:48 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* ilmehtar_work (37)
* manugupt1 (13)
* bugbot (4)
* robjo (3)
* henne (2)
* vuntz (1)
* tigerfoot (0)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4