<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by hcderaad at 13:00:50 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Yesterday (29 dec) we had a nice little Meetup
    with some community members from the Dutch openSUSE community. Some
    ideas for tracks were discussed there.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-9'>raad_</a>,
    13:06:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">There was a specific request for organizing a
    “supervised help room” where users could start trying out stuff the
    had learned from the talks and were some mentors would be available
    for help.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-10'>raad_</a>,
    13:06:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The organization of the separate tracks has had
    some thought in the past meetings, in general we appear to have 4
    global tracks:</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-11'>raad_</a>,
    13:06:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- Collaboration and Cooperation</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-12'>raad_</a>,
    13:06:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- Business and Outcome track</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-14'>raad_</a>,
    13:06:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- Project &amp; OSS Leadership</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-15'>raad_</a>,
    13:06:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- Technology &amp; Development</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-16'>raad_</a>,
    13:06:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Announcements!</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-21'>raad_</a>,
    13:07:17)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Ideas for tracks</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-22'>raad_</a>,
    13:07:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Other points by participants</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-23'>raad_</a>,
    13:07:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Next meeting</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-24'>raad_</a>,
    13:07:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We have selected a very nice logo in the last
    meeting and that kicked off a series of announcements, great to see
    and thanks very much for all your buzz!</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-26'>raad_</a>,
    13:07:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The request from us is however that we
    coordinate a little bit more on who writes what on which platform so
    that we can keep more track on the messages and the
    effectiveness.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-27'>raad_</a>,
    13:07:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">If anyone posts a message, please put an issue
    into Redmine as subissue of the main promotion task or update the
    wiki, links:</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-28'>raad_</a>,
    13:07:48)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://progress.opensuse.org/issues/5550</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-29'>raad_</a>,
    13:07:50)</span></li>
  <li><span
    class="INFO">https://en.opensuse.org/Portal:Conference</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-30'>raad_</a>,
    13:07:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Call for team members:
    https://news.opensuse.org/2014/12/22/osc-2015-call-for-team-members/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-31'>raad_</a>,
    13:07:53)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">General announcement:
    https://news.opensuse.org/2014/12/11/conference-at-bink36-kicks-into-high-gear/</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-32'>raad_</a>,
    13:07:54)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://progress.opensuse.org/documents/10">https://progress.opensuse.org/documents/10</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-35'>raad_</a>,
    13:08:57)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Yesterday (29 dec) we had a nice little Meetup
    with some community members from the Dutch openSUSE community. Some
    ideas for tracks were discussed there.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-43'>raad_</a>,
    13:12:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">There was a specific request for organizing a
    “supervised help room” where users could start trying out stuff the
    had learned from the talks and were some mentors would be available
    for help.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-44'>raad_</a>,
    13:12:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The organization of the separate tracks has had
    some thought in the past meetings, in general we appear to have 4
    global tracks:</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-45'>raad_</a>,
    13:12:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- Collaboration and Cooperation</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-46'>raad_</a>,
    13:12:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- Business and Outcome track</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-47'>raad_</a>,
    13:12:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- Project &amp; OSS Leadership</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-48'>raad_</a>,
    13:12:27)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- Technology &amp; Development</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-49'>raad_</a>,
    13:12:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Other points by participants</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-52'>RobinEd</a>,
    13:17:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Merry Christmas</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-53'>RobinEd</a>,
    13:17:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">And happy new year!</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-54'>RobinEd</a>,
    13:17:09)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">12th january at 13:00h UTC and 14:00
    CEST</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html#l-57'>raad_</a>,
    13:19:01)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:20:28 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2014-12-30-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>raad_ (43)</li>
  <li>RobinEd (13)</li>
  <li>hcderaad (3)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
