<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:23:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:23:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed May 28 15:23:44 2014 UTC.  The chair is ilmehtar. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:23:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:26:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> So, starting the Project Meeting, the Agenda items we have are a review of last meetings items.. which was mainly GSoC and a discussion of new ideas for the project, and then the discussion or those two things..so..I guess, saurabhsood91 would you like to talk about GSoC? :)
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:26:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:26:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar:</span> not many updates with gsoc
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:27:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> we are in the community bonding period, and things are going fine
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:27:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> we have started publishing some articles on openSUSE news
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:27:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i had one small query though
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:28:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">GSoC is in the community bonding period - things are going fine</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">GSoC articles are being published to http://news.opensuse.org</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:28:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> okay, what's the question? :)
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:29:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> sometime back, Manu had sent a mail to the board about GSoC payments
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:29:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i actually dont know the status of that. receiving payments from Google I mean
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> the email that Manu wrote to the board reads (at least to me) as more of an 'FYI' - He wrote "If there are any queries, please let me know." and didn't make it clear that he was expecting a decision or any information from us.. is that incorrect? is their some specific information you require from us?
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:30:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> can the board update on this?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:32:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar:</span> as far as i know, we have to fill in the payment request form and follow the rest of the process.
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:33:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> could you shed some light on it?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:33:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> is away (like me) until week-end
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:33:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> is not here, and we (The whole board) were included in all the emails as far as I can see..the one from Manu that was CC'd with you, doesn't ask the Board to do anything..
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:33:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> are we talking about the email titled "GSoC 2014: Mentor Stipends + GSoC Reunion Travel Payments"?
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:34:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar:</span> i will consult Manu once more and we will ask the board if anything is required from the board's side
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:34:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar:</span> yes
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:35:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> if we're talking about the same email..I suppose I have some quesitons if you're expecting something from us.. are we signed up as a vendor? and how was this handled in previous years? the email clearly states that "If there is no legally incorporated entity or group that can take payment on behalf of your organization..."  - there is no legally incorporated entity for 'openSUSE'..but I suppose we can ask our friends
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:35:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> at SUSE if they're willing to help out, in which case, it will be a lot easier if we have an example from previous years to base this on..
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:36:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> if this is something new, more discussion will need to be had
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:36:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Some questions about the handling of Mentor Stipends + Travel Payments</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:36:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">the Board would like to know how this was handled in previous years.</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:37:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> BTW we're since 1,5 weeks out of community bonding ;)
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:37:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">saurabhsood91 to discuss with Manu and report back</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:37:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar:</span> we are registered as a vendor. i am not sure how this was handled in the previous years, though I remember Manu telling me that vuntz used to handle it in the past. I will ask him once he comes online
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:37:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> oops...
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:38:09 </span><span class="nka">* saurabhsood91</span> <span class="ac">has forgotten the timeline :D</span>
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:39:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> as a general rule of thumb - if we're talking about something that was done in previous years, I expect the Board wont have a problem with it and will be happy to help, but if you need something from us, it's generally a good idea to spell it out in an email and not just CC someone elses mail to us and expect us to understand all the terms and the context..
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:39:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> I dont want to speak for all my Board colleagues, but i'm not that smart :)
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:40:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar:</span> we will ensure that we are more detailed in our mails the next time :)
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:41:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> thanks :)
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:42:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> thats all from GSoC i guess...
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:43:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Transifex</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:43:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> last meeting there was some discussion about transifex and the meeting minute has your name next to it.. anything to report? :)
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:45:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar:</span> there isn'treally anything to report I believe, the ticket was updated
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:45:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> do you want it tracked to be discussed in the next project meeting, or not?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:46:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I am good.
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:47:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Nothing to report - ticket was updated, no need to carry forward to future meetings.</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:47:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Booth Boxes</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:47:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> Okay, this is my late addition to the agenda :)
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:47:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> We now have a stock of about ~20 booth boxes which we want to use over the next 9 months at events around the world.
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:48:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> Each box contains everything needed to host an awesome openSUSE presence at a conference, hackathon, or other similar kind of event
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:49:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> The Board has a list of events we really want to make sure we have a presence at - we need volunteers who are prepared to represent openSUSE at those events.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:49:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> (This list will be updated on the wiki very soon!)
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:50:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> Even if we manage to get booth boxes to all of those events, we will still have some boxes spare - so consider this an open call for suggestions - if you know of an event which could benefit from having openSUSE marketing materials at, please let us know
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:51:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We have Booth boxes full of openSUSE merchandise for Conferences/Hackathons/Events. We need volunteers willing to represent openSUSE at these events, and suggestions for more events for openSUSE to be present at. Please contact board@opensuse.org with suggestions or to volunteer</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:52:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> I've one more subject  +/- related to booth boxes
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:52:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> I'll be posting more on the mailinglists, but I figured this was a good venue to bring it up anyway - Any questions, comments, ideas on this topic?
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:52:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> shoot
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:53:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> What is the status of getting the new branding rules &amp; stuff out for community ...
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:53:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> well if you read your messages....
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:53:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> Next week we're in June, and the waiting seems so loong since Fosdem
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:54:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> let me change the meeting topic so this will get minuted right :)
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:54:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:54:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Marketing/Artwork 'assets' for Download &amp; Guidelines for Use</span>
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:55:24 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">would like to see this things moving from coming soon to done so artwork team can work in guided fashion for next release and next osc</span>
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:55:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Ilmehtar has a USB stick containing PDF's and SVG's of the lovely posters/flyers, etc produced by the SUSE Design Team</span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:55:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Ilmehtar is trying to figure out where the heck to upload them and will be doing that in the next few days</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:56:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">formal 'Guidelines' for the use of these materials, such as which fonts, colours, etc, to use when editing the materials, will be coming shortly afterwards</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:56:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> does that answer your question? :)
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:56:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar:</span> is the problem more an infrastructure not ready yet ?
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:57:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> the problem is my time to find the right place to upload it (www or activedoc.opensuse.org or somewhere else)..unless you're willing to do it, you didn't answer my private question on that topic a few days ago ;-)
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:58:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar:</span> uh ? a private question, I guess it was lost if I didn't answer .. please redo it ...
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:59:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar:</span> with infra can't we just have a brand.opensuse.org ( we don't care that much about having 10k host in opensuse.org ;-)
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:59:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> as these are formal 'static' materials that wont be changing, they dont really need anything complicated, we just need to pick somewhere to put them and make sure everyone knows where they can get them from
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:59:43 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">propose github ... and run :-)</span>
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:59:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> github pages
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">16:00:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> good idea
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">16:00:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I can help you to get this set up
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">16:00:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar:</span> henne yes please ....
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">16:00:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">henne to help ilmehtar set this up</span>
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">16:00:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> thank you :)
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">16:01:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">16:01:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> any other questions on this topic?
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">16:01:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> nope ...
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">16:01:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> http://opensuse.github.io/
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">16:01:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">16:01:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar:</span> could you put a info to push the news to news too ...
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">16:02:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> and crosposting on ml ...
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">16:02:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> don't make me write an action item on the minutes "tigerfoot to read his emails..."
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">16:02:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> because that's the plan, I wrote you a nice email about all of that :-p
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">16:03:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> last topic..
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">16:03:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">New Ideas &amp; initiatives for the project?</span>
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">16:03:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> This is our new regular project meeting topic where anyone and everyone can suggest and discuss any new ideas they have for the Project.
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">16:03:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> So, does anyone have anything they'd like to propose or discuss?
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">16:05:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> Nobody? doesn't matter how big or how small...
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">16:06:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> I guess not, then..any other business before I close the meeting?
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">16:07:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Next meeting on Wed June 11th at the same time, 15:00 UTC</span>
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">16:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> Thanks everyone
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">16:07:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
