<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by hcderaad at 13:00:10 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Agenda</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-11'>hcderaad</a>, 13:01:56)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Status of tooling</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-12'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:01:58)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Status of selecting a theme</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-13'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:01:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Status of announcements</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-14'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Call for papers</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-15'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Brainstorm on how to reach more team
    members</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-16'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Ideas for speaker invites</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-17'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:02:05)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status of tooling</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-24'>hcderaad</a>, 13:03:59)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Henne setup the OSEM and Redmine tools during
    last meeting</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-25'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:04:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Robin and hcderaad have been working with them
    during past weeks</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-26'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:04:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We deliberatly did not import the whole
    spreadsheet into Redmine</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-27'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:04:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We would like to involve you as team members in
    the projectactions we need</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-28'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:05:11)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">there are a few issues we ran into with Redmine
    though</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-30'>RobinEd</a>,
    13:05:52)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Ask Henne to
    enable the groups assignments in Redmine
    (http://www.redmine.org/issues/2964 )</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-31'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:06:39)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">We also need
    multiple assignees per item in Issues, Users, Issue
    categories.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-32'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:06:40)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">We need to
    discuss what tasks are relevant, the spreadsheet apparently was the
    wrong tool for this.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-33'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:06:42)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Trello
    project for oSC15 needs to be closed to prevent
    misunderstandings.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-34'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:06:43)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">can we create
    an index in the wiki? So you can see chapters?</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-37'>RobinEd</a>,
    13:07:21)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">warlordfff
    shuts down Trello for oSC15</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-40'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:07:34)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://progress.opensuse.org/projects/osc15">https://progress.opensuse.org/projects/osc15</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-54'>RobinEd</a>,
    13:11:29)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status of selecting a theme</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-63'>hcderaad</a>, 13:13:34)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">There have been some ideas posted by hcderaad
    to the project ml</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-64'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:13:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- Flexibility through diversity</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-65'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:13:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- Agility through collaboration</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-66'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:13:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">A poll will be set out through our social media
    channels by warlordfff</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-68'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:13:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">- Conference at sealevel</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-69'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:13:45)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ask
    jospoortvliet about fb access</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-90'>RobinEd</a>,
    13:17:54)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status of announcements</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-100'>hcderaad</a>, 13:19:01)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">- Call for volunteers or team members</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-102'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:19:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">A draft was already made by warlordfff</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-103'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:19:04)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">hcderaad will
    mail Jos Poortvliet and Stathis about openSUSE FB</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-104'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:19:19)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">hcderaad will
    contact Henne for basic website.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-143'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:25:23)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://www.facebook.com/groups/opensuseproject/">https://www.facebook.com/groups/opensuseproject/</a>
    &gt;&gt; Jim Henderson is active admin at this page. And this group
    has 12k+ members. Just for info  :-) <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-165'>Amey_India</a>,
    13:28:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">contact Jim
    Henderson for FB</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-172'>RobinEd</a>,
    13:30:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Call for Papers has been opened in OSEM, so
    this can now be used</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-174'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:30:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Announcements should follow, as soon as we also
    have a more or less representative website</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-175'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:31:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Brainstorm on how to reach more team members</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-176'>hcderaad</a>, 13:31:17)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">In NL we are organizing a meetup this weekend
    at TDose Conference in Eindhoven. We will ask for team members there
    as well.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-177'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:31:42)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We will also enter a lightning talk proposal
    for FOSDEM.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-179'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:32:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Make document
    in Redmine about conferences where oSC15 can be promoted</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-197'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:36:08)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Ideas for speaker invites</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-216'>hcderaad</a>, 13:40:19)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We want to proactively invite speakers to the
    conference, and we would like to ask our team members to provide
    input on their favorite speakers</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-217'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:40:46)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">robined will
    call NFI, they have cool stuff</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-218'>RobinEd</a>,
    13:41:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We will create a document in Redmine to track
    these ideas</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-219'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:41:22)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://progress.opensuse.org/documents/16">https://progress.opensuse.org/documents/16</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-234'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:43:50)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">All team
    members: Supply ideas for speakers and talks and update them in
    Redmine document</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html#l-237'>hcderaad</a>,
    13:45:26)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 13:50:53 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Ask Henne to enable the groups assignments in Redmine (http://www.redmine.org/issues/2964 )</li>
  <li>We also need multiple assignees per item in Issues, Users, Issue categories.</li>
  <li>We need to discuss what tasks are relevant, the spreadsheet apparently was the wrong tool for this.</li>
  <li>Trello project for oSC15 needs to be closed to prevent misunderstandings.</li>
  <li>can we create an index in the wiki? So you can see chapters?</li>
  <li>warlordfff shuts down Trello for oSC15</li>
  <li>ask jospoortvliet about fb access</li>
  <li>hcderaad will mail Jos Poortvliet and Stathis about openSUSE FB</li>
  <li>hcderaad will contact Henne for basic website.</li>
  <li>contact Jim Henderson for FB</li>
  <li>Make document in Redmine about conferences where oSC15 can be promoted</li>
  <li>robined will call NFI, they have cool stuff</li>
  <li>All team members: Supply ideas for speakers and talks and update them in Redmine document</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> hcderaad <ol>
    <li>hcderaad will mail Jos Poortvliet and Stathis about openSUSE FB</li>
    <li>hcderaad will contact Henne for basic website.</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> warlordfff <ol>
    <li>warlordfff shuts down Trello for oSC15</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>Ask Henne to enable the groups assignments in Redmine (http://www.redmine.org/issues/2964 )</li>
    <li>We also need multiple assignees per item in Issues, Users, Issue categories.</li>
    <li>We need to discuss what tasks are relevant, the spreadsheet apparently was the wrong tool for this.</li>
    <li>Trello project for oSC15 needs to be closed to prevent misunderstandings.</li>
    <li>can we create an index in the wiki? So you can see chapters?</li>
    <li>ask jospoortvliet about fb access</li>
    <li>contact Jim Henderson for FB</li>
    <li>Make document in Redmine about conferences where oSC15 can be promoted</li>
    <li>robined will call NFI, they have cool stuff</li>
    <li>All team members: Supply ideas for speakers and talks and update them in Redmine document</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>hcderaad (104)</li>
  <li>RobinEd (68)</li>
  <li>warlordfff (60)</li>
  <li>Amey_India (10)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
  <li>Svebor_lap (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
