<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting!</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting!</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by ilmehtar_work at 15:12:15 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Action Item Review</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-9'>ilmehtar_work</a>, 15:13:19)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Nothing has changed on the topic of marketing
    materials/guidelines and their website, carrying action item
    forward</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-10'>ilmehtar_work</a>,
    15:13:58)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Henne to help
    Richard setup the website for the marketing materials/guidelines
    once they're completed</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-11'>ilmehtar_work</a>,
    15:14:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-13'>ilmehtar_work</a>, 15:14:24)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Artem will be attending the Google mentor
    summit instead of Manu</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-21'>ilmehtar_work</a>,
    15:15:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">no other news from GSoC for todays meeting, but
    feel free to review the regular updates posted by our GSoC'ers to
    the openSUSE Project mailinglist -
    http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-project/</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-25'>ilmehtar_work</a>,
    15:17:17)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Asia Summit</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-27'>ilmehtar_work</a>, 15:17:41)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">the openSUSE.Asia summit website is live at
    http://summit.opensuse.org</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-38'>ilmehtar_work</a>,
    15:19:31)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Registration and Call for Papers is
    open!</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-39'>ilmehtar_work</a>,
    15:19:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">There is an Artwork/Logo Contest to design a
    logo for the summit, please see the details at
    http://summit.opensuse.org/#artwork</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-41'>ilmehtar_work</a>,
    15:20:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We are using a tool called 'snoek' to vote on
    the submitted Papers. We need Djano developers to help</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-45'>ilmehtar_work</a>,
    15:21:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Source for snoek is available at
    https://github.com/yifanjiang/snoek - please contribute!</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-48'>ilmehtar_work</a>,
    15:22:22)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span
    class="ACTION">saurabhsood91_ to post announcements for openSUSE
    asia to opensuse-india gogole group</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-80'>ilmehtar_work</a>,
    15:33:51)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Events/Booth Boxes</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-89'>ilmehtar_work</a>, 15:37:06)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We now have 3 volunteers (jdd, tigerfoot , and
    awafaa ) for testing the new Booth Box request application</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-91'>ilmehtar_work</a>,
    15:37:37)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">If you're interested in having openSUSE supply
    a booth box for an event in your area, please email
    board@opensuse.org and we'll guide you through the process
    (Documentation coming soon!)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-92'>ilmehtar_work</a>,
    15:38:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">openSUSE will be at GUADEC this weekend (25-30
    July)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-93'>ilmehtar_work</a>,
    15:38:40)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">New Ideas &amp; initiatives for the project?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-106'>ilmehtar_work</a>, 15:42:44)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting date</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-109'>ilmehtar_work</a>, 15:44:29)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">The Next openSUSE Project Meeting will be on
    6th August at 15:00 UTC - 2 weeks from now, as usual - See you
    there! - Please post agenda items to
    http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting#Agenda</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html#l-111'>ilmehtar_work</a>,
    15:45:07)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 15:45:59 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Henne to help Richard setup the website for the marketing materials/guidelines once they're completed</li>
  <li>saurabhsood91_ to post announcements for openSUSE asia to opensuse-india gogole group</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> saurabhsood91_ <ol>
    <li>saurabhsood91_ to post announcements for openSUSE asia to opensuse-india gogole group</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>ilmehtar_work (55)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (30)</li>
  <li>saurabhsood91_ (10)</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet (9)</li>
  <li>gopesh (4)</li>
  <li>bugbot (3)</li>
  <li>maxlin_lap (2)</li>
  <li>plinnell (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
