<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:00:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:00:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Oct 21 13:00:10 2014 UTC.  The chair is hcderaad. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:00:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:00:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi all!
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:00:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Welcome to another openSUSE Conference 2015 organization meeting!
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:00:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> hey just in time :d
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:00:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Glad you could make it!
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:00:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> hi everyone
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:01:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> Namaste
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:01:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We have made an agenda again:
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:01:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:01:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Status of tooling</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:01:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Status of selecting a theme</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Status of announcements</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:02:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Call for papers</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:02:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Brainstorm on how to reach more team members</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:02:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Ideas for speaker invites</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:02:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> any additions to that, anyone?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:02:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> call for volunteers?
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:03:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Good point, we can handle that under Announcements
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:03:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:03:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> or how to reach more teammembers?
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:03:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> lets go then
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:03:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status of tooling</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:04:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Henne setup the OSEM and Redmine tools during last meeting</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Robin and hcderaad have been working with them during past weeks</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:04:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We deliberatly did not import the whole spreadsheet into Redmine</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:05:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We would like to involve you as team members in the projectactions we need</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:05:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Are there any questions or remarks about this?
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:05:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">there are a few issues we ran into with Redmine though</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:06:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Ask Henne to enable the groups assignments in Redmine (http://www.redmine.org/issues/2964 )</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">We also need multiple assignees per item in Issues, Users, Issue categories.</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:06:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">We need to discuss what tasks are relevant, the spreadsheet apparently was the wrong tool for this.</span>
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:06:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Trello project for oSC15 needs to be closed to prevent misunderstandings.</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:07:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> So I shut this down?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:07:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> trello I mean
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:07:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">can we create an index in the wiki? So you can see chapters?</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:07:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> If you want please shut down Trello, because we want to prevent having duplicate systems
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:07:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:07:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">warlordfff shuts down Trello for oSC15</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:07:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks Kostas
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:07:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> will try do it now
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:07:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> thanks :)
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:08:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok oSC15 Trello is gone
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:09:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks!
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:10:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We also opened the call for papers in OSEM, so we can start working on that!
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:10:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> nice!
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:10:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> If there are no other questions or remarks about tooling we'll continue the agenda?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:10:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> There are also some draft documents in Redmine
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> ??
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:10:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> can I have a url of redmaine?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:11:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> progress.opensuse.org
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:11:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> https://progress.opensuse.org/projects/osc15
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:12:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> who can add me?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:12:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> i can
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:12:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> what's your opensuse user?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:12:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> warlordfff
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:12:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> found you
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:13:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> and added you
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:13:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, lets continue to the next subject then!
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:13:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status of selecting a theme</span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:13:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There have been some ideas posted by hcderaad to the project ml</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:13:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Flexibility through diversity</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:13:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Agility through collaboration</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:13:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> $info - Conference at sealevel
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:13:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">A poll will be set out through our social media channels by warlordfff</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:13:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Conference at sealevel</span>
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:14:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ep
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:14:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> only G+
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:14:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, do we know who is handling the FB account?
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:14:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I don't have FB access
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">13:15:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> that's why I told you to look for last week :S
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">13:15:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yes, i know, but i dont yet know who is handling it.
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">13:15:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Do you have any idea?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">13:15:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> the fb page is automatically generated
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">13:15:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> by fb
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">13:15:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap but shouldn't be somehow connected with openUSE?
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">13:16:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> the oficial I mean
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">13:16:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so that people willl bother to vote
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">13:16:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> there is a strange page with only 7000 likes and a strange profile pic
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">13:16:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> There are different openSUSE pages on FB, let's ask the board!
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">13:16:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> you better ask the marketing team or jospoortvliet
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">13:17:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I will ask Jos!
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">13:17:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Next agenda poin then?
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">13:17:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">13:17:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> wit
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">13:17:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> wait ^
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">13:17:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">ask jospoortvliet about fb access</span>
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">13:17:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> ok :)
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">13:18:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> next
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">13:18:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor_lap&gt;</span> Hey guys, hi. Also, ask Stathis about FB. He should know..
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">13:18:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I think Chuck has access as I can see from some emails but things are messed up in FB for mee
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">13:18:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> oh yeah
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">13:18:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor_lap&gt;</span> he handled all that for oSC14
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">13:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> also diamond_gr should know
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">13:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, i'll email Jos and Stathis then
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">13:19:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks Svebor!
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">13:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status of announcements</span>
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">13:19:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">13:19:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Call for volunteers or team members</span>
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">13:19:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">A draft was already made by warlordfff</span>
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">13:19:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">hcderaad will mail Jos Poortvliet and Stathis about openSUSE FB</span>
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">13:19:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> this https://progress.opensuse.org/documents/10 is a copy og my draft ?
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">13:19:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yes, i've put all docs into Redmine to have a central place
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">13:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">13:19:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> I have edited the call for team members
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">13:20:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> what do you think?
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">13:20:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Since we now have tooling we can start working on finishing the announcements and get them online
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">13:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> since we have Asia summit this week maybe we should start the anouncements next week, what do you think?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">13:20:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">13:20:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thats fine by me, but maybe we can have some positive side effects from already announcing some things at the Summit?
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">13:21:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> where are we going to collect volunteers?
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">13:21:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> World wide?
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">13:21:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> there is no website for oSC15 yet
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">13:21:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">13:21:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">13:21:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> where are we going to collect their info... we need a form
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">13:21:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We do indeed need some CMS type functionality, but for that we alo need some artwork
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">13:21:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so we cannot make anouncements without a side to send people too, right?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">13:22:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> preferably before Asia, so they can submit to the form
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">13:22:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so we work on the articles but we wait for the site to be ready
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">13:22:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> That sounds good.
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">13:22:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> or we can set up an email address?
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">13:22:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> As soon as we have the Theme, artwork can start, and a site can be built.
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">13:22:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> iwantobepartoftheteam@opensuse.org?
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">13:22:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> Just add-on: openSUSE Asia summit was on 18th &amp; 19th Oct  :-)
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">13:23:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> people willl promote oSC15 in Asia summit, no wories about that :D
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">13:23:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hope you've had a nice time! :-)
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">13:23:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> haha thanks Amey
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">13:23:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> no prob
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">13:23:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap but I still see anouncements
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">13:24:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> We need a website, poll, theme, etc.
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">13:24:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We need the poll for the theme out asap. We need to figure out who is doing FB. We need artwork and we need a website.
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">13:24:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Robin and I seem to agree! :-)
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">13:24:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> anyway, let me know when we will  have a site and I can release the anouncements
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">13:24:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> ^^
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">13:24:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> The poll on G+ is ready
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">13:25:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> I think Henne is waiting for a theme and artwork
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">13:25:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> hcderaad saw it
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">13:25:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I will contact Henne to see if we can already get some preliminary site up and running to at least have a landing page of some sort.
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">13:25:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">hcderaad will contact Henne for basic website.</span>
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">13:25:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> wait guys I am confused now
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">13:26:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> ok, what's up?
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">13:26:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I wait for you to find the FB guy so that we release the poll at the same time, right?
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">13:26:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> warlordfff you can publish the poll on google+ already
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">13:26:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> the poll for themes that is
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">13:26:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> release allready on G+
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">13:26:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> are you sure?
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">13:26:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> y
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">13:26:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We will simply count the totals
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">13:26:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok I will do it right away
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">13:26:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks kostas!
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">13:26:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> i have sent a mail to FB guy (whoever that is) but have no idea how long it will take for them to respond
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">13:27:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> put it on the board now and i will have it completed in a few minutes
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">13:27:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> so I don't think it's a good idea to wait for FB
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">13:27:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">13:27:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> your call :)
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">13:27:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> go for it!
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">13:27:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> +
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">13:28:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span>  just one thing, can I have an openSUSE+Hague related photo to put on the poll?
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">13:28:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> No, not something suitable yet, will work on that
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">13:28:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> if you have something, ok , if not still ok...
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">13:28:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> https://www.facebook.com/groups/opensuseproject/  &gt;&gt; Jim Henderson is active admin at this page. And this group has 12k+ members. Just for info  :-)
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">13:28:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">13:28:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so I release it without a photo
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">13:29:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks Amey, there are quite a lot of FB groups for openSUSE
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">13:29:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We will contact Jim Henderson as well.
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">13:29:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> Oh!
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">13:29:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> nice one!
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">13:30:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">contact Jim Henderson for FB</span>
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">13:30:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Perhaps we should move on to the next point? Are there any further questions?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">13:30:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Call for Papers has been opened in OSEM, so this can now be used</span>
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">13:31:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Announcements should follow, as soon as we also have a more or less representative website</span>
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">13:31:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Brainstorm on how to reach more team members</span>
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">13:31:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">In NL we are organizing a meetup this weekend at TDose Conference in Eindhoven. We will ask for team members there as well.</span>
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">13:32:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Does anyone have any other ideas or conferences they want to attend and that we might contact?
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">13:32:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We will also enter a lightning talk proposal for FOSDEM.</span>
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">13:32:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok guys G+ poll is out
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">13:32:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks Kostas!
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">13:33:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> FSCONS 2014 is this month end in Sweden ...
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">13:33:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> one minute
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">13:34:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> thanks :)
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">13:34:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> sorry I am just multitasking and loosing some stuff
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">13:34:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Amey_India are you attending?
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">13:34:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> are you going there, Amey?
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">13:34:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> no no..too far for me  :-)
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">13:34:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I would like you hcderaad to mail me a few days before the time you want the anouncements done, is that ok?
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">13:34:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">13:34:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> same here :)
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">13:35:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Amey, are you interested in helping out organising oSC15?
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">13:35:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> Sure sure
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">13:35:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I will post on the project ml to see if anyone is attending there.
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">13:35:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> cool!
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">13:35:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We will start a document in Redmine to collect the conferences we might be attending to see if we can organize some promotion there.
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">13:36:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Make document in Redmine about conferences where oSC15 can be promoted</span>
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">13:36:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Amey, welcome to the team!
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">13:36:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> ^_^ Thank you
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">13:37:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Do we know if there are any local meetup groups we can approach to help out? Or hackerspaces?
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">13:37:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">13:37:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am organizing a local Hackerspace nowdays :D
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">13:37:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Svebor has sent me a list of names of people who helped out last year, i've mailed them today to see if they wanted to be involved again.
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">13:38:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Warlordfff is there anything you Greeks dont do? ;-)
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">13:38:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> that was a great move hcderaad
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">13:38:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> hackerspaces ar egreat!
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">13:38:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> well
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">13:38:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> not the Greeks
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">13:38:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">13:38:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> The Greek
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">13:38:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">13:39:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> got the joke?
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">13:39:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Oh hear, he is referring himself in third person ways.... Should we be worried? ;-)
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">13:39:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> nop I am not, I really know I am paranoid :D
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">13:39:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Lets move on to the next agenda point so that we can get on and start hacker spaces!
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">13:40:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Ideas for speaker invites</span>
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">13:40:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We want to proactively invite speakers to the conference, and we would like to ask our team members to provide input on their favorite speakers</span>
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">13:41:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">robined will call NFI, they have cool stuff</span>
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">13:41:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We will create a document in Redmine to track these ideas</span>
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">13:41:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> but want a OSEM link in our wonderful website for them to sign into :)
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">13:41:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> NFI?
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">13:41:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Phorensic institute, CSI stuff
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">13:41:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">13:42:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> cooooool
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">13:42:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> they can pull data out of cell phones that have been underwater for months
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">13:42:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> very cool data recovery and other stuff
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">13:42:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We can also do some hacking demo's
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">13:42:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Like pentesting and wifi hacking
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">13:42:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> But we also need actual speakers!
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">13:43:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> I can get a few of the hacker types
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">13:43:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> lockpicking also
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">13:43:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> (if interested in lockpicking)
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">13:43:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap, way cool but have to have something to do with openSUSE :D
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">13:43:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> https://progress.opensuse.org/documents/16
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">13:44:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Like i said, we need actual speakers!
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">13:44:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So if anyone has any ideas, please update the document and we'll see who we can get to come to the party!
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">13:45:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">All team members: Supply ideas for speakers and talks and update them in Redmine document</span>
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">13:45:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We have no further agenda points, does anyone want to add something?
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">13:48:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> If there are no other points we would like to suggest the next meeting to be monday the 3rd of November 13.00 UTC / 15.00 CEST
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">13:48:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> +
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">13:48:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> 13:00
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">13:49:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> UTC
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">13:49:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, since apparently everyone is happy with that, I am going to end the meeting. Thanks everyone for participating!
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">13:50:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> cya
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">13:50:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Amey_India&gt;</span> Ciao
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">13:50:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
