===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by ilmehtar at 15:23:44 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2014/opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* GSoC  (ilmehtar, 15:26:31)
  * GSoC is in the community bonding period - things are going fine
    (ilmehtar, 15:28:06)
  * GSoC articles are being published to http://news.opensuse.org
    (ilmehtar, 15:28:28)
  * Some questions about the handling of Mentor Stipends + Travel
    Payments  (ilmehtar, 15:36:38)
  * the Board would like to know how this was handled in previous years.
    (ilmehtar, 15:36:58)
  * ACTION: saurabhsood91 to discuss with Manu and report back
    (ilmehtar, 15:37:16)

* Transifex  (ilmehtar, 15:43:30)
  * Nothing to report - ticket was updated, no need to carry forward to
    future meetings.  (ilmehtar, 15:47:01)

* Booth Boxes  (ilmehtar, 15:47:15)
  * We have Booth boxes full of openSUSE merchandise for
    Conferences/Hackathons/Events. We need volunteers willing to
    represent openSUSE at these events, and suggestions for more events
    for openSUSE to be present at. Please contact board@opensuse.org
    with suggestions or to volunteer  (ilmehtar, 15:51:54)

* Marketing/Artwork 'assets' for Download & Guidelines for Use
  (ilmehtar, 15:54:44)
  * Ilmehtar has a USB stick containing PDF's and SVG's of the lovely
    posters/flyers, etc produced by the SUSE Design Team  (ilmehtar,
    15:55:28)
  * Ilmehtar is trying to figure out where the heck to upload them and
    will be doing that in the next few days  (ilmehtar, 15:55:56)
  * formal 'Guidelines' for the use of these materials, such as which
    fonts, colours, etc, to use when editing the materials, will be
    coming shortly afterwards  (ilmehtar, 15:56:22)
  * ACTION: henne to help ilmehtar set this up  (ilmehtar, 16:00:43)
  * LINK: http://opensuse.github.io/   (henne, 16:01:37)

* New Ideas & initiatives for the project?  (ilmehtar, 16:03:15)
  * Next meeting on Wed June 11th at the same time, 15:00 UTC
    (ilmehtar, 16:07:40)



Meeting ended at 16:07:45 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* henne
  * henne to help ilmehtar set this up
* ilmehtar
  * henne to help ilmehtar set this up
* saurabhsood91
  * saurabhsood91 to discuss with Manu and report back



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* ilmehtar (56)
* saurabhsood91 (16)
* tigerfoot (14)
* henne (6)
* differentreality (2)
* bugbot (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4