============================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting!
============================================


Meeting started by ilmehtar_work at 15:12:15 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2014/opensuse-project.2014-07-23-15.12.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Action Item Review  (ilmehtar_work, 15:13:19)
  * Nothing has changed on the topic of marketing materials/guidelines
    and their website, carrying action item forward  (ilmehtar_work,
    15:13:58)
  * ACTION: Henne to help Richard setup the website for the marketing
    materials/guidelines once they're completed  (ilmehtar_work,
    15:14:00)

* GSoC  (ilmehtar_work, 15:14:24)
  * Artem will be attending the Google mentor summit instead of Manu
    (ilmehtar_work, 15:15:54)
  * no other news from GSoC for todays meeting, but feel free to review
    the regular updates posted by our GSoC'ers to the openSUSE Project
    mailinglist - http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-project/
    (ilmehtar_work, 15:17:17)

* openSUSE Asia Summit  (ilmehtar_work, 15:17:41)
  * the openSUSE.Asia summit website is live at
    http://summit.opensuse.org  (ilmehtar_work, 15:19:31)
  * Registration and Call for Papers is open!  (ilmehtar_work, 15:19:59)
  * There is an Artwork/Logo Contest to design a logo for the summit,
    please see the details at http://summit.opensuse.org/#artwork
    (ilmehtar_work, 15:20:32)
  * We are using a tool called 'snoek' to vote on the submitted Papers.
    We need Djano developers to help  (ilmehtar_work, 15:21:35)
  * Source for snoek is available at https://github.com/yifanjiang/snoek
    - please contribute!  (ilmehtar_work, 15:22:22)
  * ACTION: saurabhsood91_ to post announcements for openSUSE asia to
    opensuse-india gogole group  (ilmehtar_work, 15:33:51)

* Events/Booth Boxes  (ilmehtar_work, 15:37:06)
  * We now have 3 volunteers (jdd, tigerfoot , and awafaa ) for testing
    the new Booth Box request application  (ilmehtar_work, 15:37:37)
  * If you're interested in having openSUSE supply a booth box for an
    event in your area, please email board@opensuse.org and we'll guide
    you through the process (Documentation coming soon!)
    (ilmehtar_work, 15:38:20)
  * openSUSE will be at GUADEC this weekend (25-30 July)
    (ilmehtar_work, 15:38:40)

* New Ideas & initiatives for the project?  (ilmehtar_work, 15:42:44)

* Next meeting date  (ilmehtar_work, 15:44:29)
  * The Next openSUSE Project Meeting will be on 6th August at 15:00 UTC
    - 2 weeks from now, as usual - See you there! - Please post agenda
    items to http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting#Agenda
    (ilmehtar_work, 15:45:07)



Meeting ended at 15:45:59 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* saurabhsood91_
  * saurabhsood91_ to post announcements for openSUSE asia to
    opensuse-india gogole group



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* ilmehtar_work (55)
* manugupt1 (30)
* saurabhsood91_ (10)
* jospoortvliet (9)
* gopesh (4)
* bugbot (3)
* maxlin_lap (2)
* plinnell (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4