13:00:50 <hcderaad> #startmeeting
13:00:50 <bugbot> Meeting started Tue Dec 30 13:00:50 2014 UTC.  The chair is hcderaad. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
13:00:50 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
13:00:59 <hcderaad> Hi everyone! Welcome to another oSC 15 Meeting!
13:05:32 <raad_> Sorry, internetconnection got disrupted, any updates in the meantime?
13:06:00 <RobinEd> nope :)
13:06:21 <raad_> Ok, well switch to the next subject then!
13:06:30 <raad_> #topic Ideas for tracks
13:06:32 <raad_> #info Yesterday (29 dec) we had a nice little Meetup with some community members from the Dutch openSUSE community. Some ideas for tracks were discussed there.
13:06:33 <raad_> #info There was a specific request for organizing a “supervised help room” where users could start trying out stuff the had learned from the talks and were some mentors would be available for help.
13:06:35 <raad_> #info The organization of the separate tracks has had some thought in the past meetings, in general we appear to have 4 global tracks:
13:06:36 <raad_> #info - Collaboration and Cooperation
13:06:37 <RobinEd> wait
13:06:38 <raad_> #info - Business and Outcome track
13:06:39 <raad_> #info - Project & OSS Leadership
13:06:41 <raad_> #info - Technology & Development
13:07:03 <RobinEd> you missed a few points :)
13:07:10 <raad_> Apparently my connection got disrupted before i got a chance to post the agenda, here we go again
13:07:10 <RobinEd> start again at agenda...
13:07:16 <raad_> #topic Agenda
13:07:17 <raad_> #info Announcements!
13:07:19 <raad_> #info Ideas for tracks
13:07:20 <raad_> #info Other points by participants
13:07:22 <raad_> #info Next meeting
13:07:44 <raad_> #topic Announcements!
13:07:45 <raad_> #info We have selected a very nice logo in the last meeting and that kicked off a series of announcements, great to see and thanks very much for all your buzz!
13:07:47 <raad_> #info The request from us is however that we coordinate a little bit more on who writes what on which platform so that we can keep more track on the messages and the effectiveness.
13:07:48 <raad_> #info If anyone posts a message, please put an issue into Redmine as subissue of the main promotion task or update the wiki, links:
13:07:50 <raad_> #info https://progress.opensuse.org/issues/5550
13:07:51 <raad_> #info https://en.opensuse.org/Portal:Conference
13:07:53 <raad_> #info Call for team members: https://news.opensuse.org/2014/12/22/osc-2015-call-for-team-members/
13:07:54 <raad_> #info General announcement: https://news.opensuse.org/2014/12/11/conference-at-bink36-kicks-into-high-gear/
13:07:57 <raad_> Any points on that? Apologies for the interruption.
13:08:56 <raad_> We still need the announcement for the Call for papers to be published, the draft is here:
13:08:57 <raad_> https://progress.opensuse.org/documents/10
13:09:51 <RobinEd> We were expecting the CFP to be published the 29th (yesterday)
13:09:59 <RobinEd> so we need to ask around about that
13:11:55 <raad_> Apparently no other input is needed.
13:11:58 <RobinEd> please go to trancks again
13:12:08 <RobinEd> instead of assuming it'll be read :)
13:12:10 <raad_> Ok, sorry for the inconvenience again, lets see how this will turn up in the logs.
13:12:18 <raad_> #topic Ideas for tracks
13:12:20 <raad_> #info Yesterday (29 dec) we had a nice little Meetup with some community members from the Dutch openSUSE community. Some ideas for tracks were discussed there.
13:12:21 <raad_> #info There was a specific request for organizing a “supervised help room” where users could start trying out stuff the had learned from the talks and were some mentors would be available for help.
13:12:23 <raad_> #info The organization of the separate tracks has had some thought in the past meetings, in general we appear to have 4 global tracks:
13:12:24 <raad_> #info - Collaboration and Cooperation
13:12:26 <raad_> #info - Business and Outcome track
13:12:27 <raad_> #info - Project & OSS Leadership
13:12:29 <raad_> #info - Technology & Development
13:16:51 <raad_> Any input on this?
13:16:54 <RobinEd> ok, continue?
13:17:09 <RobinEd> #info Other points by participants
13:17:09 <RobinEd> #info Merry Christmas
13:17:09 <RobinEd> #info And happy new year!
13:17:52 <raad_> We would like to wish everyone reading the notes of this meeting a very happy new year and we are looking forward to the conference!
13:18:40 <raad_> #topic Next meeting
13:19:01 <raad_> #info 12th january at 13:00h UTC and 14:00 CEST
13:19:31 <raad_> Looking forward to see you then!
13:19:40 <raad_> #endmeeting
13:20:02 <RobinEd> #endmeeting
13:20:28 <hcderaad> #endmeeting