<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">11:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">11:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Sep 23 11:00:31 2014 UTC.  The chair is hcderaad. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">11:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">11:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> # topic Welcome
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">11:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">11:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Hi, welcome all to the OpenSuse kickoff meeting. Myself (Robin Edgar) and co-project lead Hans de Raad wish to discuss the following points today:
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">11:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">11:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Agenda - we strive to limit discussion to 5 minutes per subject.</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">11:00:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">11:00:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Kickoff, welcome everybody</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">11:00:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Date, location current status</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">11:00:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Organisation</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">11:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Collaboration with Kolab and NLUUG how to benefit but keep out of eachothers way</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">11:00:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Priorities</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">11:00:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Task management tools (trello or Kolab)</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">11:00:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Other points by attendants</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">11:00:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">11:00:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> We have tried to use the correct tags, if we are doing this wrong, please correct us!
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">11:02:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Date, location current status</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">11:02:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">11:02:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Date: 1 to 4 May 2015</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">11:02:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">11:02:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Location: We have found a large and flexible location (http://www.bink36.nl) near to the centre of the Hague which lies within our budget and offers the flexibility for our needs. Many services can be contracted through the venue organisation. It is close to public transport and hotels. The board has given us a provisional OK for this location after we approached &gt; 50 locations and visited 4 of them.</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">11:03:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> hi guys! :-)
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">11:03:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AndroUser&gt;</span> Hello everyone...
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">11:03:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi Svebor!
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">11:04:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> hi all
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">11:04:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Are there any remarks or questions about the date and location?
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">11:04:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> hi people
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">11:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi Kostas!
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">11:05:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> hey hans and Svebor
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">11:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> i can just comment that to me, the venue looks nice, and the dates will work fine. :-)
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">11:06:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> If there are no questions or remarks about the date and location we'll go on to the next subject!
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">11:06:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> hi warlordfff ! :-)
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">11:06:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Organisation</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">11:06:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">11:06:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We propose the following volunteer committees / teams to manage the conference:</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">11:06:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">11:06:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Orga - core organisation. project + team leads, board</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">11:06:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Venue</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">11:06:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Promo</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">11:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Design</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">11:06:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Speakers</span>
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">11:06:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">A/V</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">11:06:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">software</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">11:06:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">network</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">11:06:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">11:06:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We have enumerated their tasks in a spreadsheet. Obviously more tasks will appear on the way, but this way volunteers will have an idea what they are signing up for. You will notice that some tasks are assigned to multiple teams - most noticeably in design and promo.</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">11:06:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">11:06:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> where is that spreadsheet?
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">11:06:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The sheet is located: http://www.hcderaad.nl/oSC15/osc15_tasks_0.2.ods</span>
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">11:07:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I have seen the spreadsheet but I doubt it is possible to work on it. We should put that information on trello (I realize there is an upcoming topic about the tool we shall use).
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">11:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">11:07:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> The idea is to select a workable tool to handle this in.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">11:07:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AndroUser&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">11:07:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> For the kickoff we have put all tasks in a spreadsheet to make sure nothing is missing and to make a quick outline of the orga.
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">11:08:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> So it is definitely not our intention to keep using the spreadsheet.
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">11:08:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> yeap, makes sense :) I hope we can put them in a more readable place soon!
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">11:08:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, we will address that later on then. For now, are there any urgent questions or remarks about the preliminary taskslist?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">11:08:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I feel dizzy...
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">11:09:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We also very much enjoyed putting it together! ;-)
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">11:10:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> If there are no urgent questions, or issues about this, we can move on to the next subject?
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">11:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">11:11:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Collaboration with Kolab and NLUUG</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">11:11:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">11:11:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Kolab will host their first ever conference at the same time and location as OSC2015.</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">11:11:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> This is related to Hans being project lead for both events.
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">11:11:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">NLUUG intends to host their yearly conference at the same time and place also.</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">11:11:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">the board has responded positively to these developments. Appropriate measures must be taken to preserve the unique identity of OSC2015</span>
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">11:11:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">11:11:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> interesting, cool!
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">11:12:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We think that we can all benifit from each others programs and expertise and that there is a healthy overlap in audience interest.
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">11:13:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> The venue offers enough rooms and the possibility to have separate registration desks (or even separate entrances) for the 3 confs.
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">11:13:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Are there any questions or remarks about this?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">11:14:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> only that i like it :-)
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">11:15:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Well, thats good then! :-)
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">11:15:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Task management tools and other tooling</span>
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">11:15:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">11:15:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We need to decide what tools we will use. Trello has been used in the past. Kolab is an option. For speakers we will use OSEM. For the website the existing infrastructure should be sufficient.</span>
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">11:15:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">11:15:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> What would be your preference in event todo handling tooling Trello or Kolab?
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">11:15:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> Trello
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">11:15:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexvenn&gt;</span> trello
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">11:16:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> trello
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">11:16:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but it is just us the Greeks so far :D
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">11:17:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Yeah, you guys seem to be involved in everything here! ;-)
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">11:17:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Fine by me, Trello it is. Don't fix what isnt broken!
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">11:17:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Trello is chosen as todo management tool.</span>
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">11:17:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> shall I create it?
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">11:18:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> well the main idea is that people in future organizations can look into it and get feedback
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">11:18:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> it is already there, I made it
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">11:18:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreaility:</span> Yes please
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">11:18:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> you did that? :) Awesome! Invite me
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">11:18:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> what is wrong with the one I created some months ago?
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">11:18:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> give me a sec
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">11:19:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I dont have that atm?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">11:19:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> invite me too please?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">11:19:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> I don't have that either
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">11:19:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> sent it by mail to Hans
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">11:19:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> give me a sec please
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">11:19:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> https://trello.com/osc15
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">11:20:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> is there a way to import the spreadsheet?
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">11:20:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks Kostas
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">11:20:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> by hand... I volunteer to help on that if you want
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">11:21:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> thanks, the sheet is quite big :)
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">11:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Apparently we can import the sheet into trello: http://help.trello.com/customer/portal/articles/1376934-importing-data-into-trello
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">11:21:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> people just let me know if you can join...
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">11:21:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexvenn&gt;</span> no kostas
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">11:21:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexvenn&gt;</span> you have to send us an invitation i think
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">11:22:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Perhaps we can import the tasks from the spreadsheet in the next few days and have a more in depth discussion about them next meeting?
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">11:23:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> ok I can get in
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">11:23:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">11:23:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> I think so
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">11:23:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span>  you are invited
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">11:24:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> thank you :)
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">11:24:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, then Robin and I will have a look at it to see if we can recreate the structure we've came up with and then see what else needs to be done.
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">11:24:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> can you invite the rest as I have to go to work immediatelly after this meeting?
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">11:24:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Will do that in the next few days, have to run after this meeting as well.
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">11:25:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Robin and Hans will import the basic task list into trello and invite the others.</span>
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">11:25:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any other questions about this?
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">11:25:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> We also need to decide what we will use to keep track of volunteers and teams (members, contact details, etc). I have used a wiki page in the past, what do you guys think?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">11:26:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span>  Can I have your Trello name?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">11:26:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> we can also track volunteers through OSEM (with a little of work)
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">11:27:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> you too, your trello name plz
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">11:27:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;skiarxon&gt;</span> google docs might be easier though.
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">11:27:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I havent worked with OSEM for volunteermanagement before, what is missing?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">11:27:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> +1 skiarxon
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">11:27:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> robinedgar
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">11:28:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordiff:</span> It's hcderaad
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">11:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> for a complete feature we need to do some work there (in order for volunteers to define days/time they re available)
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">11:29:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> Can we just use it as contact list?
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">11:29:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> different contact lists visible for all team leads?
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">11:29:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> Yes sth similar to what gdoc form did last years
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">11:29:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span>  nope you are telling me something wrong my friend
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">11:30:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordiff:</span> Sincere apologies, its hansderaad
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">11:30:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> well contact list for team leads and volunteers are 2 a bit different things
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">11:30:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> yes, we need multiple different lists. If we can use OSEM that is our prefence
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">11:30:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> but we will come up with an idea for that.
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">11:31:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> +1 for OSEM
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">11:31:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span>  you are in you can also invite people now
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">11:31:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordiff:</span> thanks
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">11:31:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Any other input on volunteer management, else we will use OSEM
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">11:32:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">11:32:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">OSEM will be used for volunteer management</span>
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">11:33:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Priorities</span>
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">11:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">11:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Our current priorities lie in:</span>
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">11:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">finding team leads</span>
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">11:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">finding volunteers</span>
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">11:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">getting the design and website up</span>
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">11:33:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">finding tooling for the organisation (having a central repository for all team members' contact details)</span>
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">11:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">getting the speakers team to issue a CFP (and having tooling to evaluate papers handed in)</span>
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">11:33:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">11:34:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> cfp is in osem, includes star rating
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">11:35:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> https://events.opensuse.org/
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">11:35:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">CFP will be handled in OSEM</span>
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">11:35:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Has there been any "standard" material from previous conferences we can use for announcements and CFPs?
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">11:36:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Well
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">11:36:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> me i gues
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">11:36:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> thanks, i've registered
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">11:37:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordiff:</span> you are the "standard" material?
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">11:37:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> perfect, I will make sure you see more stuff real soon :)
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">11:37:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok so hcderaad tell us when you want those announcements to be out and the marketing team will take care of it
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">11:37:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> thanks! can you make OSC15 in OSEM as well?
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">11:37:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span>  it looks like it :D
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">11:38:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> yes, that's what I meant :)
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">11:38:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> nice!
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">11:38:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I've been around most of the announcements about oSC's that anyone else aroung :D
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">11:38:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, we would like to see the Conference announcements and CFP out asap, how to get that done?
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">11:38:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And a website.
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">11:39:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Who is contact for the marketing team?
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">11:39:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> please make sure you task me with #action please
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">11:39:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> let's start working on the announcements from tommorow Hans, expect my mail
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">11:39:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> well
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">11:39:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">warlordiff will start working on announcements</span>
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">11:39:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">differentreality set up OSEM for OSC15</span>
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">11:39:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I can be the contact
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">11:39:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but there is a mailing list
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">11:39:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> perhaps marketing ML directly?
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">11:39:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> just said it :D
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">11:40:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordiff:</span> Do you want to be lead promo?
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">11:40:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yeah my typing is getting slower apparently - or my multitaksing increased :P
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">11:41:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Who to contact for getting a website?
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">11:42:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Any suggestions for a software lead?
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">11:42:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I have suggested to put up a basic Drupal site, but apparently there is already infrastructure in place, who can we contact for this?
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">11:42:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> software for ?
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">11:42:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> I thing Henne is doing the websites
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">11:43:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> website, integration tools (eg agenda, buttons, etc) into site, etc
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">11:43:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Svebor:</span>  wasn't Henne that did your's too?
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">11:43:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Ok, thats probably for hosting, but who will do layout/theming? Henne as well?
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">11:43:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> henne has been maintaining the website so far, but we have been adding a lot of new features in OSEM during this summer's GSOC to make it possible for pretty much all info to be there
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">11:43:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> look for the '1's under the software column in the sheet :)
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">11:44:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> So if i understand correctly, we can input info into OSEM and that info can be propagated to the website by webservices or something like that?
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">11:44:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> we should reevaluate the tasks, half these things are done automatically in OSEM
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">11:44:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> warlordfff, yes, henne did website alot
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">11:45:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> the tasks are a starting point. Each team lead should evaluate their tasks for relevancy. More will come :)
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">11:45:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> no, we put info in OSEM and ppl access OSEM and see a page with all the necessary information
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">11:45:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> And if stuff can be automated, then better!
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">11:46:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> I think we need a public site, just like last times, who can manage content on that? Is that Henne as well or is there some form of CMS?
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">11:46:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> I'll contact Henne and see what is possible, perhaps that is easier.
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">11:47:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Hans will approach Henne about website and software</span>
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">11:47:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> we have been using a static website, check https://github.com/openSUSE/conference.o.o and I think that's the way we would like to keep it
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">11:47:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> fine, but the programme and other things will need to be dynamic
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">11:47:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> Thanks, i'll have a look at it and contact Henne
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">11:47:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> put another action for Hans to talk with me tommorow about the CfP announcement, although it is already on Trello
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">11:48:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> the schedule is in OSEM
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">11:48:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Hans and warlordiff will discuss announcement before next project IRC meeting</span>
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">11:48:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span>  https://events.opensuse.org/conference/osc2013/schedule
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">11:48:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> thanks
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">11:48:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> anychance you had a relavant discussion somewhere with Henne? I vaguely remember this issue coming up somewhere... :/
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">11:49:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I've spoken with some people (including Henne) about helping out and perhaps using Drupal in Prague and Thessaloniki, but that hasnt materialized yet.
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">11:49:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I think we have sufficiently discussed website/tooling/etc for now, lets move on if there are no further comments
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">11:49:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Other points by attendants</span>
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">11:50:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Do you have any further questions?
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">11:52:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> OK, thanks for the meeting guys. We look forward to seeing the tooling being set up and being able to start communicating to the outside world.
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">11:52:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">11:52:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> We will organise the next meeting in 2 weeks.
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">11:52:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok then i will ask then\
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">11:53:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> It's ok to aks now :)
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">11:53:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> ask ^^
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">11:53:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We still have 5 minutes!
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">11:53:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Are we planning to do any promotion in FOSDEM?
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">11:54:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> or anywhere else?
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">11:54:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We definitely should!
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">11:54:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> What is the status of the conference kit for openSUSE atm?
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">11:54:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span>  one more thing we have to talk about tommorow :D
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">11:54:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> that would require promo material, and has been an issue in the past
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">11:54:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordiff:</span> fine!
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">11:55:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> also we need the conference logo ASAP
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">11:55:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> I will discuss this with the board, we NEED print
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">11:55:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes exactly :)
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">11:55:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordiff:</span> Should we contact Carlos about that?
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">11:55:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> but designs too
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">11:55:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and the in between, from design to a ready-to-print design
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">11:55:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> yep, which is why we need a design team lead as well as a promo team lead ASAP
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">11:56:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> who will ping some people in the artwork team about it?
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">11:56:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Hans and Robin will send out a call for team leads / volunteers</span>
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">11:56:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Hans and Robin will send out requests for design and artwork</span>
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">11:57:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> my opinion is to use the ML for that
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">11:57:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> +1 warlordfff
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">11:57:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> The project ML?
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">11:57:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and make sure you make it clear you are looking for volunteers to organize the conference (not on-site volunteers, which should be a different call, probably a bit later on)
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">11:57:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ...and the Marketing and the artwork
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">11:57:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexvenn&gt;</span> we have also and osc list
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">11:57:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> conference ML too
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">11:58:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> If there are no further questions at the moment, we will end the meeting and come back in 2 weeks!
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">11:58:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">11:58:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> just change the time please
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">11:58:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> r we setting up date/time of next meeting now?
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">11:58:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Is there a specific preference for time (in CEST, please)?
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">11:59:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> 2 hours after or earlier is fine with me
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">11:59:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> How about 7 oct at 15.00 CEST then?
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">11:59:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">11:59:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> good for me
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">11:59:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Going once, going twice?
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">12:00:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> see you then :)
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">12:00:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
