<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by ilmehtar at 15:23:44 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-5'>ilmehtar</a>, 15:26:31)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">GSoC is in the community bonding period -
    things are going fine</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-10'>ilmehtar</a>,
    15:28:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">GSoC articles are being published to
    http://news.opensuse.org</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-11'>ilmehtar</a>,
    15:28:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Some questions about the handling of Mentor
    Stipends + Travel Payments</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-27'>ilmehtar</a>,
    15:36:38)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the Board would like to know how this was
    handled in previous years.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-28'>ilmehtar</a>,
    15:36:58)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">saurabhsood91
    to discuss with Manu and report back</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-30'>ilmehtar</a>,
    15:37:16)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Transifex</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-39'>ilmehtar</a>, 15:43:30)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Nothing to report - ticket was updated, no need
    to carry forward to future meetings.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-44'>ilmehtar</a>,
    15:47:01)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Booth Boxes</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-45'>ilmehtar</a>, 15:47:15)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">We have Booth boxes full of openSUSE
    merchandise for Conferences/Hackathons/Events. We need volunteers
    willing to represent openSUSE at these events, and suggestions for
    more events for openSUSE to be present at. Please contact
    board@opensuse.org with suggestions or to volunteer</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-52'>ilmehtar</a>,
    15:51:54)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Marketing/Artwork 'assets' for Download &amp; Guidelines for Use</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-61'>ilmehtar</a>, 15:54:44)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Ilmehtar has a USB stick containing PDF's and
    SVG's of the lovely posters/flyers, etc produced by the SUSE Design
    Team</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-63'>ilmehtar</a>,
    15:55:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Ilmehtar is trying to figure out where the heck
    to upload them and will be doing that in the next few days</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-64'>ilmehtar</a>,
    15:55:56)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">formal 'Guidelines' for the use of these
    materials, such as which fonts, colours, etc, to use when editing
    the materials, will be coming shortly afterwards</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-65'>ilmehtar</a>,
    15:56:22)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">henne to help
    ilmehtar set this up</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-77'>ilmehtar</a>,
    16:00:43)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://opensuse.github.io/">http://opensuse.github.io/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-82'>henne</a>,
    16:01:37)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">New Ideas &amp; initiatives for the project?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-89'>ilmehtar</a>, 16:03:15)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Next meeting on Wed June 11th at the same time,
    15:00 UTC</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html#l-94'>ilmehtar</a>,
    16:07:40)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 16:07:45 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2014-05-28-15.23.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>saurabhsood91 to discuss with Manu and report back</li>
  <li>henne to help ilmehtar set this up</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> henne <ol>
    <li>henne to help ilmehtar set this up</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> ilmehtar <ol>
    <li>henne to help ilmehtar set this up</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> saurabhsood91 <ol>
    <li>saurabhsood91 to discuss with Manu and report back</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>ilmehtar (56)</li>
  <li>saurabhsood91 (16)</li>
  <li>tigerfoot (14)</li>
  <li>henne (6)</li>
  <li>differentreality (2)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
