<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting!</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jul 23 15:12:15 2014 UTC.  The chair is ilmehtar_work. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:12:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Okay, sorry for the delay everyone, the bi-weekly openSUSE Project Meeting is now started!
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:12:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">ilmehtar_work</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:12:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: ilmehtar_work
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:12:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> The Agenda for today is here: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting#Agenda
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:13:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> The meeting minutes from our last meeting are here: http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2014/opensuse-project.2014-07-09-15.01.html
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:13:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Action Item Review</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:13:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Nothing has changed on the topic of marketing materials/guidelines and their website, carrying action item forward</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:14:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Henne to help Richard setup the website for the marketing materials/guidelines once they're completed</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:14:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> That's the only action item from last week, so, speeding right along..
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:14:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Yo
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:14:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91_&gt;</span> Hi
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:14:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> saurabhsood91_: what's the story with Google Summer of Code guys?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:14:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91_:</span> the stage is yours
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:15:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar_work:</span> only one change so far. Artem attending the reunion instead of manu. manugupt1 is that right?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:15:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> yes. saurabhsood91_
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:15:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91_&gt;</span> :/
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:15:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Artem will be attending the Google mentor summit instead of Manu</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:16:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> No other news about GSoC, besides the regular updates on the opensuse project lists?
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:16:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> right
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:16:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91_&gt;</span> i guess...
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:17:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">no other news from GSoC for todays meeting, but feel free to review the regular updates posted by our GSoC'ers to the openSUSE Project mailinglist - http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-project/</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:17:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> I guess we can move right along to the next topic then
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:17:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Asia Summit</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> can we publish any articles
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:17:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91_:</span> yes.. we can if you write some ;)
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:18:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> i will write this weekend :)
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:18:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gopesh&gt;</span> well the splash for the asia summit is not complete
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:18:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91_:</span> thanks
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:18:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gopesh:</span> the 'splash'?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:18:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gopesh&gt;</span> on OSEM
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:18:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gopesh:</span> okay, is somebody working on that?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:18:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gopesh&gt;</span> it is already there in summit.opensuse.org
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:18:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gopesh&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar_work:</span> okay :)
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:19:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">the openSUSE.Asia summit website is live at http://summit.opensuse.org</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:19:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Registration and Call for Papers is open!</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:20:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Logo Contest has been announced
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:20:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There is an Artwork/Logo Contest to design a logo for the summit, please see the details at http://summit.opensuse.org/#artwork</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:20:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We have an app snoek voting tool and we need django developers for it
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:20:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> snoek?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:21:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> To vote on submissions we have a tool called snoek, we need django developers to help yifan__
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:21:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We are using a tool called 'snoek' to vote on the submitted Papers. We need Djano developers to help</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:21:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> what are the best contact details for yifan__ for me to mention in the minutes?
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:21:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;maxlin_lap&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar_work:</span> IIRC https://github.com/yifanjiang/snoek
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:22:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Source for snoek is available at https://github.com/yifanjiang/snoek - please contribute!</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:22:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">maxlin_lap:</span> thank you :)
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:22:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;maxlin_lap&gt;</span> yw :)
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:22:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We need press contacts to spread news about our conference, maybe someone experienced with press handling can help jospoortvliet henne?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:23:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> there is an email alias press@oo, we dont know how it works
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:23:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> that's a good question, and I could probably do with learning about that as well.
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:24:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> there is a press list of people who can be contacted. The openSUSE team has it in a github and there's the journalists@opensuse.org which is maintained by henne. Mails there go to these press contacts. You can include a 'embargo', by telling them something in advance and asking to not release it before a certain date and time.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:24:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar_work:</span> i will be willing to work with them as well :)
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:24:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> press@opensuse.org goes to, well, I have no idea to whom atm, but it's not very useful ;-)
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I think it might be me...
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:24:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar_work:</span> ah, it's fun, loads of spam, not much useful stuff.
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:25:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> and one more thing, how do we know which articles are ok to send to them
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:25:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> in any case: use the journalists@ list with an embargo for big announcements. That works very well, see http://www.linux-magazine.com/Online/Blogs/Off-the-Beat-Bruce-Byfield-s-Blog/openSUSE-shows-how-to-promote-a-release for some tips ;-)
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:26:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> you do it for important things. Never more than once a week, but better once a month. Only about big, openSUSE-specific news: releases, announcements of a conference, things like that.
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:26:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> send it 2-7 days before the announcement, with a copy of the announcement or a link to it so they know what is coming and can prepare an article
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:26:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> A single article, annoucment of conference, cfp, call for registration
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:26:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> this is all described on the news team list, btw, afaik.
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:26:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> not all of those. Only the announcement of the conference.
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:27:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> let me send this to news@oo first for a review
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:27:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> and then probably we can send it
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:27:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> that's why you ideally have registration open at that time - so ppl who read about it on a news site can register immediately
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:27:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> well registration is open..so..maybe it's a good idea..
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:28:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> would you like me to give you "manugupt1 to contact press to announce the openSUSE Asia Summit" as an action item?
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:28:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar_work:</span> yeah that is on me already from the team :)
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:28:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I am the news writer for them :P
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:28:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> okay then, no problem :)
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:29:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91_:</span> if you are here, can you post the annoucements for openSUSE asia summit to opensuse-india google group
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:29:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> any other summit related news/discussion?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:29:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> we need help on that
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:30:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> sure
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:31:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar_work:</span> can you put this action item on saurabhsood91_
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:31:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> and then we are done I guess
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:33:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">saurabhsood91_ to post announcements for openSUSE asia to opensuse-india gogole group</span>
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:34:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> who is managing the opensuse-india group?
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:34:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91_:</span> not sure
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:34:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cyberorg:</span> maybe
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:34:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91_&gt;</span> because i am not able to join the group
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:36:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91_:</span> lets take it offline
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:36:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91_&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:36:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> sorry for the delay, someone just walked into my office
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:36:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> changing the topic
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:37:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Events/Booth Boxes</span>
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:37:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> This is just an update from me
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:37:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We now have 3 volunteers (jdd, tigerfoot , and awafaa ) for testing the new Booth Box request application</span>
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:38:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">If you're interested in having openSUSE supply a booth box for an event in your area, please email board@opensuse.org and we'll guide you through the process (Documentation coming soon!)</span>
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:38:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE will be at GUADEC this weekend (25-30 July)</span>
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:38:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> lots of events :D
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:39:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> yeah :) That's all I wanted to say on this topic..but if anyone has any questions, now is a perfect time to ask
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:39:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar_work:</span> congrats.. it moved off my mind, how does it feel to be the boss now :P
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:40:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> mostly the same as it used to, just now a few orders of magnitude scarier ;-)
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:41:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar_work:</span> plan for beijing though :)
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:41:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> well on that topic, I can say that the board very much want to make sure that one of us is at the Summit
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:41:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> whether its me, or someone else, or something gets in the way and we cant make it happen, I cant be sure at the moment
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:41:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> but we're trying our hardest to make it happen
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:41:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar_work:</span> Awesome.. :) that will be nice..
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:42:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> and actually my bosses within SUSE are also doing what they can to help, which is really nice :)
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:42:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar_work:</span> tht is nice
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:42:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> I guess no questions about openSUSE Events or Booth Boxes..so..next/final topic
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:42:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">New Ideas &amp; initiatives for the project?</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:43:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> This is that rolling topic which I think we might drop from future meetings (Because anyone can already suggest anything at any time..) but..if anyone has any Ideas/Initatives they want to suggest..now's a good time!
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:44:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> I guess not? yeah..I think we'll drop this topic on future agendas..
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:44:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting date</span>
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:44:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;plinnell&gt;</span> two weeks from now ?
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:45:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The Next openSUSE Project Meeting will be on 6th August at 15:00 UTC - 2 weeks from now, as usual - See you there! - Please post agenda items to http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting#Agenda</span>
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:45:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">plinnell:</span> yup! same time as always
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:45:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Thanks everyone, have a lot of fun
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:45:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
