===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE project meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by robjo at 15:03:30 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2014/opensuse-project.2014-03-05-15.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* GSOC  (robjo, 15:22:15)
  * LINK: https://duckduckgo.com/?q=gsoc+proposal+template&t=opensuse
    (henne, 15:26:55)

* other stuff  (robjo, 15:31:20)
  * ACTION: manugupt1 send message to board about F2F minutes
    impression/concern regarding technical issues  (robjo, 15:52:20)
  * ACTION: board discuss and take under consideration how to clarify,
    maybe addendum to charter?  (robjo, 15:53:02)



Meeting ended at 15:54:50 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* manugupt1
  * manugupt1 send message to board about F2F minutes impression/concern
    regarding technical issues



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* manugupt1_ (48)
* robjo (37)
* jospoortvliet (35)
* henne (20)
* warlordfff (18)
* victorhck (12)
* manugupt1 (10)
* ilmehtar (8)
* enola (3)
* bugbot (2)
* anditosan_tablet (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4