=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by hcderaad at 13:00:10 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2014/opensuse-project.2014-10-21-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda  (hcderaad, 13:01:56)
  * Status of tooling  (hcderaad, 13:01:58)
  * Status of selecting a theme  (hcderaad, 13:01:59)
  * Status of announcements  (hcderaad, 13:02:01)
  * Call for papers  (hcderaad, 13:02:02)
  * Brainstorm on how to reach more team members  (hcderaad, 13:02:04)
  * Ideas for speaker invites  (hcderaad, 13:02:05)

* Status of tooling  (hcderaad, 13:03:59)
  * Henne setup the OSEM and Redmine tools during last meeting
    (hcderaad, 13:04:12)
  * Robin and hcderaad have been working with them during past weeks
    (hcderaad, 13:04:29)
  * We deliberatly did not import the whole spreadsheet into Redmine
    (hcderaad, 13:04:49)
  * We would like to involve you as team members in the projectactions
    we need  (hcderaad, 13:05:11)
  * there are a few issues we ran into with Redmine though  (RobinEd,
    13:05:52)
  * ACTION: Ask Henne to enable the groups assignments in Redmine
    (http://www.redmine.org/issues/2964 )  (hcderaad, 13:06:39)
  * ACTION: We also need multiple assignees per item in Issues, Users,
    Issue categories.  (hcderaad, 13:06:40)
  * ACTION: We need to discuss what tasks are relevant, the spreadsheet
    apparently was the wrong tool for this.  (hcderaad, 13:06:42)
  * ACTION: Trello project for oSC15 needs to be closed to prevent
    misunderstandings.  (hcderaad, 13:06:43)
  * ACTION: can we create an index in the wiki? So you can see chapters?
    (RobinEd, 13:07:21)
  * ACTION: warlordfff shuts down Trello for oSC15  (hcderaad, 13:07:34)
  * LINK: https://progress.opensuse.org/projects/osc15   (RobinEd,
    13:11:29)

* Status of selecting a theme  (hcderaad, 13:13:34)
  * There have been some ideas posted by hcderaad to the project ml
    (hcderaad, 13:13:35)
  * - Flexibility through diversity  (hcderaad, 13:13:37)
  * - Agility through collaboration  (hcderaad, 13:13:38)
  * A poll will be set out through our social media channels by
    warlordfff  (hcderaad, 13:13:41)
  * - Conference at sealevel  (hcderaad, 13:13:45)
  * ACTION: ask jospoortvliet about fb access  (RobinEd, 13:17:54)

* Status of announcements  (hcderaad, 13:19:01)
  * - Call for volunteers or team members  (hcderaad, 13:19:03)
  * A draft was already made by warlordfff  (hcderaad, 13:19:04)
  * ACTION: hcderaad will mail Jos Poortvliet and Stathis about openSUSE
    FB  (hcderaad, 13:19:19)
  * ACTION: hcderaad will contact Henne for basic website.  (hcderaad,
    13:25:23)
  * LINK: https://www.facebook.com/groups/opensuseproject/ >> Jim
    Henderson is active admin at this page. And this group has 12k+
    members. Just for info  :-)  (Amey_India, 13:28:33)
  * ACTION: contact Jim Henderson for FB  (RobinEd, 13:30:03)
  * Call for Papers has been opened in OSEM, so this can now be used
    (hcderaad, 13:30:37)
  * Announcements should follow, as soon as we also have a more or less
    representative website  (hcderaad, 13:31:00)

* Brainstorm on how to reach more team members  (hcderaad, 13:31:17)
  * In NL we are organizing a meetup this weekend at TDose Conference in
    Eindhoven. We will ask for team members there as well.  (hcderaad,
    13:31:42)
  * We will also enter a lightning talk proposal for FOSDEM.  (hcderaad,
    13:32:14)
  * ACTION: Make document in Redmine about conferences where oSC15 can
    be promoted  (hcderaad, 13:36:08)

* Ideas for speaker invites  (hcderaad, 13:40:19)
  * We want to proactively invite speakers to the conference, and we
    would like to ask our team members to provide input on their
    favorite speakers  (hcderaad, 13:40:46)
  * ACTION: robined will call NFI, they have cool stuff  (RobinEd,
    13:41:14)
  * We will create a document in Redmine to track these ideas
    (hcderaad, 13:41:22)
  * LINK: https://progress.opensuse.org/documents/16   (hcderaad,
    13:43:50)
  * ACTION: All team members: Supply ideas for speakers and talks and
    update them in Redmine document  (hcderaad, 13:45:26)



Meeting ended at 13:50:53 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* hcderaad
  * hcderaad will mail Jos Poortvliet and Stathis about openSUSE FB
  * hcderaad will contact Henne for basic website.
* warlordfff
  * warlordfff shuts down Trello for oSC15
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * Ask Henne to enable the groups assignments in Redmine
    (http://www.redmine.org/issues/2964 )
  * We also need multiple assignees per item in Issues, Users, Issue
    categories.
  * We need to discuss what tasks are relevant, the spreadsheet
    apparently was the wrong tool for this.
  * Trello project for oSC15 needs to be closed to prevent
    misunderstandings.
  * can we create an index in the wiki? So you can see chapters?
  * ask jospoortvliet about fb access
  * contact Jim Henderson for FB
  * Make document in Redmine about conferences where oSC15 can be
    promoted
  * robined will call NFI, they have cool stuff
  * All team members: Supply ideas for speakers and talks and update
    them in Redmine document



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* hcderaad (104)
* RobinEd (68)
* warlordfff (60)
* Amey_India (10)
* bugbot (2)
* Svebor_lap (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4