<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by hcderaad at 11:00:31 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Agenda - we strive to limit discussion to 5
    minutes per subject.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-8'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:00:35)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Kickoff, welcome everybody</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-10'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:00:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Date, location current status</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-11'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:00:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Organisation</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-12'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:00:43)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Collaboration with Kolab and NLUUG how to
    benefit but keep out of eachothers way</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-13'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:00:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Priorities</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-14'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:00:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Task management tools (trello or Kolab)</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-15'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:00:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Other points by attendants</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-16'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:00:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Date: 1 to 4 May 2015</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-21'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:02:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Location: We have found a large and flexible
    location (http://www.bink36.nl) near to the centre of the Hague
    which lies within our budget and offers the flexibility for our
    needs. Many services can be contracted through the venue
    organisation. It is close to public transport and hotels. The board
    has given us a provisional OK for this location after we approached
    &gt; 50 locations and visited 4 of them.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-23'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:02:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We propose the following volunteer committees /
    teams to manage the conference:</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-37'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:06:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Orga - core organisation. project + team leads,
    board</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-39'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:06:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Venue</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-40'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:06:12)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Promo</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-41'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:06:14)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Design</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-42'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:06:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Speakers</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-43'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:06:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">A/V</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-44'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:06:20)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">software</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-45'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:06:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">network</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-46'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:06:24)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We have enumerated their tasks in a
    spreadsheet. Obviously more tasks will appear on the way, but this
    way volunteers will have an idea what they are signing up for. You
    will notice that some tasks are assigned to multiple teams - most
    noticeably in design and promo.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-48'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:06:28)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The sheet is located:
    http://www.hcderaad.nl/oSC15/osc15_tasks_0.2.ods</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-51'>hcderaad</a>,
    11:06:59)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Kolab will host their first ever conference at
    the same time and location as OSC2015.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-66'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:11:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">NLUUG intends to host their yearly conference
    at the same time and place also.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-68'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:11:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the board has responded positively to these
    developments. Appropriate measures must be taken to preserve the
    unique identity of OSC2015</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-69'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:11:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">We need to decide what tools we will use.
    Trello has been used in the past. Kolab is an option. For speakers
    we will use OSEM. For the website the existing infrastructure should
    be sufficient.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-79'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:15:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Trello is chosen as todo management
    tool.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-88'>hcderaad</a>,
    11:17:35)</span></li>
  <li><a href="https://trello.com/osc15">https://trello.com/osc15</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-101'>warlordfff</a>,
    11:19:49)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Robin and Hans will import the basic task list
    into trello and invite the others.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-119'>hcderaad</a>,
    11:25:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">OSEM will be used for volunteer
    management</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-144'>hcderaad</a>,
    11:32:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Our current priorities lie in:</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-147'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:33:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">finding team
    leads</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-148'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:33:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">finding
    volunteers</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-149'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:33:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">getting the
    design and website up</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-150'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:33:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">finding
    tooling for the organisation (having a central repository for all
    team members' contact details)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-151'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:33:35)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">getting the
    speakers team to issue a CFP (and having tooling to evaluate papers
    handed in)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-152'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:33:40)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">CFP will be handled in OSEM</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-156'>hcderaad</a>,
    11:35:07)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">warlordiff
    will start working on announcements</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-175'>hcderaad</a>,
    11:39:38)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span
    class="ACTION">differentreality set up OSEM for OSC15</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-176'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:39:39)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Hans will
    approach Henne about website and software</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-201'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:47:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Hans and
    warlordiff will discuss announcement before next project IRC
    meeting</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-207'>hcderaad</a>,
    11:48:18)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Hans and
    Robin will send out a call for team leads / volunteers</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-237'>RobinEd</a>,
    11:56:42)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Hans and
    Robin will send out requests for design and artwork</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html#l-238'>hcderaad</a>,
    11:56:53)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 12:00:09 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2014-09-23-11.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>finding team leads</li>
  <li>finding volunteers</li>
  <li>getting the design and website up</li>
  <li>finding tooling for the organisation (having a central repository for all team members' contact details)</li>
  <li>getting the speakers team to issue a CFP (and having tooling to evaluate papers handed in)</li>
  <li>warlordiff will start working on announcements</li>
  <li>differentreality set up OSEM for OSC15</li>
  <li>Hans will approach Henne about website and software</li>
  <li>Hans and warlordiff will discuss announcement before next project IRC meeting</li>
  <li>Hans and Robin will send out a call for team leads / volunteers</li>
  <li>Hans and Robin will send out requests for design and artwork</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> differentreality <ol>
    <li>differentreality set up OSEM for OSC15</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>finding team leads</li>
    <li>finding volunteers</li>
    <li>getting the design and website up</li>
    <li>finding tooling for the organisation (having a central repository for all team members' contact details)</li>
    <li>getting the speakers team to issue a CFP (and having tooling to evaluate papers handed in)</li>
    <li>warlordiff will start working on announcements</li>
    <li>Hans will approach Henne about website and software</li>
    <li>Hans and warlordiff will discuss announcement before next project IRC meeting</li>
    <li>Hans and Robin will send out a call for team leads / volunteers</li>
    <li>Hans and Robin will send out requests for design and artwork</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>RobinEd (86)</li>
  <li>hcderaad (69)</li>
  <li>warlordfff (47)</li>
  <li>differentreality (39)</li>
  <li>Svebor (7)</li>
  <li>alexvenn (4)</li>
  <li>AndroUser (2)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
  <li>skiarxon (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
