<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Aug  6 15:05:59 2014 UTC.  The chair is ilmehtar_work. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:06:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Okay! Meeting time!
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:06:28 </span><span class="nka">* henne</span> <span class="ac">hides</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:06:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Action Item Review</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> the only action item from last meeting was saurabhsood91 - how did it go posting openSUSE Asia announcements to the openSUSE india google group?
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:07:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> hey
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:08:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> I posted announcements of the logo contest, snoek hacking and proposals to the opensuse-india list. I will post some reminders tomorrow
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:08:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> hi!
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:08:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> *tonight
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:08:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> how's it going? any results yet?
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:09:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> I did not get many responses. hoping for better tonight
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">saurabhsood91 has posted announcements to the openSUSE india google group to encorage more involvement in openSUSE - Few responses so far, more reminders on the way, hoping for more going forward. Get in touch with saurabhsood91 if you think you can help</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:11:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Moving right along to the first topic on the Agenda..
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:11:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:11:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> saurabhsood91 I guess this is you too...any general GSoC updates?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:11:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what's an opensuse-india list?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:12:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> not many updates. almost at the end of the program me, with hard pencils down on august 18
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:12:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> i think it's a google+ group
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:12:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> expecting it to pass smoothly
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> its a google group
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:12:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:14:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">No major news for GSoC this fortnight - the program ends on August 18 this year</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:14:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> on the -india you could also push the opensuse.asia summit informations
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:14:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Anyone else got anything else to say or ask about GSoC?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> ...that's what he's doing..
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:14:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> doing that ;)
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:15:05 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">meee have missed two lines in the backlog --- sorry</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:15:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:16:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Nothing else on GSoC? Going once..going twice
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:17:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Asia Summit</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:17:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> does anyone have any news/questions/updates about openSUSE Asia?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:18:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> we are having a meeting as we speak.
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:19:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> artwork is the main concern, with not too many submissions
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:19:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> ...we've managed to double book meetings? woops!
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> What artwork do you require?
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:20:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> mostly the logo. I think posters would be welcome as well
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:20:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sakana_:</span> maybe you can update a little more
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:21:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">the Asia summit team still need help with artwork - especially a logo for the event and posters</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:21:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sakana_:</span> if you do, please speak up :)
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:22:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> We are prepare the openSUSE.Asia Summit, the CFP deadline at 18th, Aug
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:22:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> I will mail to mail list to reminder
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:22:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> by the way, which mail list is suggestion to call for paper and announce TSP information?
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:23:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> Hi, This is Sunnyt
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:23:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> Sunny
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:23:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> I would say that opensuse-project@opensuse.org is probably a good choice
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:23:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Hi Sunny!
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:23:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> opensuse-project could do right?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:23:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> Hello
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:24:06 </span><span class="nka">* sakana_</span> <span class="ac">note</span>
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:24:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> ilmehtar_work, hi
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:24:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> opensuse-project is okay for notifications
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:24:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> when you have something to announce to the world
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:24:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> henne, awesome
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:24:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and want people to pick it up: news + opensuse-announce
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:25:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> opensuse-announce@opensuse.org  +  opensuse-project@opensuse.org
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:25:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> got it
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:25:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> Sorry for asking which topic we are talking about? openSUSE.Asia summit?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:25:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> Sunny, yes
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:25:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Sunny:</span> yes we are
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:25:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> I am update some information
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:26:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sakana_:</span> + blog post on http://news.opensuse.org
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:26:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> Call for paper and Call for sponsor is working on process
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:26:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> We are plan with 1 main hall and 2 conference room ( one might be workshop)
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:26:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> so far, we got 15 pieces of proposals and 2 pieces of logo design
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:27:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> we booked 1 main hall and 3 conference rooms
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:27:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> 1 main hall contain 280 people
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:27:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> each conference rooms contain 20 people
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:27:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> At today's meeting, we will have ( China / Taiwan / Japan / India ) to introduce their comunity
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:28:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> In one long talk ( each 15 mins )
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:28:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> we are not decide if how many rooms for workshop
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:28:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> Yes, depend on call for paper.
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:28:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Planning for Summit is progressing well. More proposed sessions would be nice - http://summit.opensuse.org/#cfp</span>
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:29:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> :) sounds like it's really going well
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:29:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> Which part do you want to know with detail ^^
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:29:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> About speech: we have 15 minutes lightning talk; 30 minutes short talk, 1 hour long talk and 2 hours workshop
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:30:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> the shiny point for this openSUSE.Asia summit is workshop
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:30:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> any openSUSE Edu Li-f-e team member here ?
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:30:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Sunny:</span> Quite a lot of variety.. nice. How long are you expecting the keynote(s) to be?
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:31:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> we will set objective for each workshop, evenyone who attends the workshop and achieve the objective could get a chop, collecting some chops could exchange a gift
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:31:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> <span class="hi">keynote:</span> 1 hour
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:31:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> Sunny, one hour  or more ? hehe
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:31:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> at most
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:31:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> Basic 1 hour
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:31:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> ^^
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:32:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> hmm, that's an interesting idea with the workshops, I'll be excited to see how it works
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:32:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sakana_:</span> I dont think I want any more details (other people might - speak up!) - it's nice to have a good picture of what's going on :) thank you
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:32:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> ilmehtar_work, my pleasure
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:32:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> anything you would like to know?
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:33:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> btw, deadline of call for paper and art work design is Aug 18th, we hope to get more submission in these days, so please help to spread these news
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:33:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> more detail, please refer to summit.opensuse.org
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:34:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Deadline for Call for Paper and Artwork is August 18th - Please help spread the word!</span>
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:34:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> TSP application is from Aug 1st to Aug 18th
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:34:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> There..that'll put a note in the minutes too
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:35:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">TSP Applications for openSUSE Asia summit are *open* until August 18th - Let openSUSE reimburse your travel to the summit - Please apply on https://connect.opensuse.org/travel-support</span>
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:35:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Deadline for TSP with openSUSE.Asia Summit is August 18th - please help spread the world!</span>
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:35:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:35:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> :) haha
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:35:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> isn't TSP deadline from September 1?
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:36:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:36:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> saurabhsood91, no
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:36:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> people better get applying then.. :)
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:36:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> application deadline is Aug 18th
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:36:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> oops...I think acceptance is from september 1 onwards. my bad ;)
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:37:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Unless anyone has more questions, I think that sounds like everything we need to talk about for Summit today
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:37:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> have a nice day!
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:37:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> ^^
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:37:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Sunny:</span> sakana_ thanks! :)
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:37:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Sunny&gt;</span> my pleasure
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:37:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sakana_&gt;</span> ilmehtar_work, my pleasure
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:37:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Any other topics?</span>
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:37:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Does anyone else have anything at all they'd like to have discussed at this meeting?
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:38:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> open floor, here's your chance
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:39:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Guess not then... :)
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:39:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next Meeting Date</span>
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:39:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The next openSUSE Project Meeting will be on Wed 20th August at 15:00 UTC - See you then!</span>
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:40:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Thanks everyone for participating
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:40:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
