<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Dec 30 13:00:50 2014 UTC.  The chair is hcderaad. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:00:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi everyone! Welcome to another oSC 15 Meeting!
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:05:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> Sorry, internetconnection got disrupted, any updates in the meantime?
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> nope :)
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:06:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> Ok, well switch to the next subject then!
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:06:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Ideas for tracks</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:06:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Yesterday (29 dec) we had a nice little Meetup with some community members from the Dutch openSUSE community. Some ideas for tracks were discussed there.</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:06:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There was a specific request for organizing a “supervised help room” where users could start trying out stuff the had learned from the talks and were some mentors would be available for help.</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:06:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The organization of the separate tracks has had some thought in the past meetings, in general we appear to have 4 global tracks:</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:06:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Collaboration and Cooperation</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> wait
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:06:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Business and Outcome track</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:06:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Project &amp; OSS Leadership</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:06:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Technology &amp; Development</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:07:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> you missed a few points :)
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:07:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> Apparently my connection got disrupted before i got a chance to post the agenda, here we go again
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:07:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> start again at agenda...
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:07:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Agenda</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Announcements!</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:07:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Ideas for tracks</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:07:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Other points by participants</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:07:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:07:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Announcements!</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:07:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We have selected a very nice logo in the last meeting and that kicked off a series of announcements, great to see and thanks very much for all your buzz!</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:07:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The request from us is however that we coordinate a little bit more on who writes what on which platform so that we can keep more track on the messages and the effectiveness.</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:07:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">If anyone posts a message, please put an issue into Redmine as subissue of the main promotion task or update the wiki, links:</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:07:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://progress.opensuse.org/issues/5550</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:07:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">https://en.opensuse.org/Portal:Conference</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:07:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Call for team members: https://news.opensuse.org/2014/12/22/osc-2015-call-for-team-members/</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:07:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">General announcement: https://news.opensuse.org/2014/12/11/conference-at-bink36-kicks-into-high-gear/</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:07:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> Any points on that? Apologies for the interruption.
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> We still need the announcement for the Call for papers to be published, the draft is here:
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:08:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> https://progress.opensuse.org/documents/10
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:09:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> We were expecting the CFP to be published the 29th (yesterday)
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:09:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> so we need to ask around about that
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> Apparently no other input is needed.
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:11:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> please go to trancks again
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:12:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> instead of assuming it'll be read :)
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:12:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> Ok, sorry for the inconvenience again, lets see how this will turn up in the logs.
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:12:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Ideas for tracks</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:12:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Yesterday (29 dec) we had a nice little Meetup with some community members from the Dutch openSUSE community. Some ideas for tracks were discussed there.</span>
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:12:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">There was a specific request for organizing a “supervised help room” where users could start trying out stuff the had learned from the talks and were some mentors would be available for help.</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:12:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The organization of the separate tracks has had some thought in the past meetings, in general we appear to have 4 global tracks:</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:12:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Collaboration and Cooperation</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Business and Outcome track</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:12:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Project &amp; OSS Leadership</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Technology &amp; Development</span>
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:16:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> Any input on this?
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:16:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> ok, continue?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:17:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Other points by participants</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:17:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Merry Christmas</span>
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:17:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">And happy new year!</span>
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:17:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> We would like to wish everyone reading the notes of this meeting a very happy new year and we are looking forward to the conference!
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">12th january at 13:00h UTC and 14:00 CEST</span>
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:19:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> Looking forward to see you then!
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:19:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;raad_&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:20:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:20:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
