<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">13:00:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">13:00:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Oct  7 13:00:04 2014 UTC.  The chair is hcderaad. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">13:00:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">13:00:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Welcome everybody! We will start with the agenda:
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">13:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Agenda openSUSE conference 2015 7/10/14</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">13:00:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">13:00:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Agenda:</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">13:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Action items from previous meeting</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">13:00:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Status of tooling OSEM and Trello</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">13:00:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Announcements</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">13:00:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Status of website, etc - will be discussed under action items</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">13:00:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Status of artwork - will be discussed under action items</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">13:00:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Volunteer team assignments</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">13:00:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">- Promotion at conferences?</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">13:01:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> moin
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">13:01:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> hi
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">13:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> NB if anyone has any idea how the #topic tag works, please tell us - they didn't seem to parse last meeting
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">13:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We would like to give a little overview of what our current view of the status of the action items is.
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">13:02:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Action items from previous meeting</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">13:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">13:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">finding team leads - status - waiting for tooling</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">13:02:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">finding volunteers - status - waiting for tooling</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">13:02:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">getting the design and website up - status, see contacting Henne about website and software.</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">13:02:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">finding tooling for the organisation (having a central repository for all team members' contact details) - status - waiting for tooling / OSEM setup</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">13:02:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">getting the speakers team to issue a CFP (and having tooling to evaluate papers handed in) - status waiting for tooling</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">13:02:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">warlordiff will start working on announcements - status - announcement proposals finished, not yet published due to DrupalCon.</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">13:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">differentreality set up OSEM for OSC15 - status - ? Merged with tooling.</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">13:02:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Hans will approach Henne about website and software - status - Henne is contacted (delay because of his vacation), he has requested input from hcderaad, input was provided, waiting for answer. This action item will be merged with setting up website.</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">13:02:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Hans and warlordiff will discuss announcement before next project IRC meeting - status - Hans and warlordiff have spoken about the announcements.</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">13:02:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Hans and Robin will send out a call for team leads / volunteers - status - first publications about the project done on private Google+ and Facebook streams, must now be formalised.</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">13:02:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Hans and Robin will send out requests for design and artwork - status - request to artwork team is done, no response yet.</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">13:04:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> any questions or remarks?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">13:06:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> If there arent any questions, we'd like to continue with the next point on the agenda, regarding tooling
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">13:06:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status of tooling OSEM and Trello</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">13:06:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">13:06:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> It is our understanding that a lot can be done in OSEM - CFP evaluation, design of the roster, keeping address books, but that it needs to be set up for this purpose. Without the address books, it is impossible to keep track of volunteers.
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">13:06:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">13:06:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hans and Robin have evalutated Trello and found it to be unsuitable for the organisation of this conference. Among other things, there are no dependencies and there is no timeline. And on a more philosophical note, it isnt open source software either, and being an open source project we feel like we should at least try to maximize our own usage of open source software in the organization.
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">13:06:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We want to user either:
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">13:07:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Redmine</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">13:07:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ProjectLibre</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">13:07:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">13:07:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Unless someone has a pressing preference for one of these we will contact Henne for server space to set up an instance.
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">13:08:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> no need to
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">13:08:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> https://progress.opensuse.org/
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">13:08:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> is our opensuse redmine instance
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">13:09:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I can create a project if you want me to
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">13:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> That wwould be great henne thanks!
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">13:10:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">13:11:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what do you need from the project?
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">13:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> which modules
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">13:12:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> issue tracking and gant?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">13:12:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I will mail you on that separately, could you mail me what is available?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">13:12:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Issue tracking and gant would be a good start.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">13:12:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Henne setup Redmine for oSC15</span>
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">13:12:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> https://progress.opensuse.org/projects/osc15
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">13:13:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Hans and Robin will provide Henne with list of desired functionality/modules</span>
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">13:13:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Hans and Robin will enter tasks into Redmine</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">13:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> thanks :)
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">13:13:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> wtf
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">13:14:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">13:14:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> now you 2 can use topic
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">13:14:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> you need to be channel op for it
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">13:14:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Great, thanks Henne!
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">13:15:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> it changes the topic
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">13:15:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> From now on the minutes will be readable then.
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">13:15:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> ah... shall we restart the meeting? or just re-paste?
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">13:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> you only missed on topic. let's just continue
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">13:15:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">13:16:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Differentreality was going to set up OSEM for us... are you here, Stella?
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">13:16:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> it's already set up
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">13:17:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but there is lot's of stuff missing
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">13:17:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> basically things we need to decide on
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">13:17:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> we need a place to keep track of the teams most of all.
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">13:18:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> that would be redmine
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">13:18:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> not osem
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">13:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">redmine:</span> organize the conference
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">13:18:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Stella said OSEM also for an address book
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">13:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">osem:</span> manage the conference
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">13:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> but I agree with you Henne
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">13:19:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Henne, can you authorize us on OSEM as well?
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">13:19:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> osem has a feature to track volunteers. but it's pretty basic
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">13:19:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> we will use Redmine. If you look at the next agenda item (tooling) we will action it there
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">13:19:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> sure
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">13:20:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Since we're already talking about tooling, lets go to the next agenda item
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">13:20:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status of tooling OSEM and Trello</span>
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">13:20:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">13:20:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> It is our understanding that a lot can be done in OSEM - CFP evaluation, design of the roster, keeping address books, but that it needs to be set up for this purpose. Without the address books, it is impossible to keep track of volunteers.
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">13:20:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">13:20:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Hans and Robin have evalutated Trello and found it to be unsuitable for the organisation of this conference. Among other things, there are no dependencies and there is no timeline. And on a more philosophical note, it isnt open source software either, and being an open source project we feel like we should at least try to maximize our own usage of open source software in the organization.
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">13:20:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> We want to user either:
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">13:20:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Redmine</span>
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">13:20:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ProjectLibre</span>
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">13:20:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">13:20:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Unless someone has a pressing preference for one of these we will contact Henne for server space to set up an instance.
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">13:21:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">we use Redmine</span>
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">13:21:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We will now go on to the next agenda point.
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">13:21:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Announcements</span>
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">13:21:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">13:21:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Some progress has been made on announcements, thanks to warlordfff, due to DrupalCon there has been some delay in this. Hans and Robin will pick it up this week. We are working on:
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">13:21:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">CFP</span>
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">13:21:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Call for Volunteers</span>
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">13:21:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">meet the Venue</span>
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">13:21:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">meet the Hague</span>
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">13:21:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">FOSDEM article</span>
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">13:21:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Most of these articles should be written by the teams themselves though. It gives them ownership of their materials. We need volunteers and a tracking system for them.
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">13:23:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> like I said tracking issues use redmine
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">13:24:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> there you can use issue categories to form "teams"
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">13:24:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Most of these points were written in advance of this meeting, we werent counting on your incredible speed in setting this up Henne! :-)
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">13:25:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Are there any questions about the announcements?
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">13:25:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> never underestimate my speed once I roll ;-)
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">13:25:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> obviously! ;-)
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">13:26:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Volunteer team assignments</span>
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">13:26:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> .
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">13:26:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We have just selected Redmine as project management tool. Robin and Hans will set this up and next meeting we will report back on the progress.</span>
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">13:26:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">13:27:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> you both are organizers in osem for oSC15 now
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">13:27:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Since we haven't reached a lot of volunteers yet, our first priority will be on promoting the conference.
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">13:27:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks again Henne!
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">13:27:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> if I may make a suggestion
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">13:27:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> agree
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">13:27:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> regarding volunteers
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">13:27:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> we need volunteers!
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">13:27:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> stop calling them volunteers :)
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">13:27:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> yes please, any suggestion is welcome!
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">13:28:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> geekos then?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">13:28:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what you need is people organizing oSC with you
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">13:28:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> together
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">13:28:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> not people helping you
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">13:28:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> people working with you
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">13:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> equals
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">13:28:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> there are tons of people who already have done tons of stuff for oSC
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">13:28:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> in our community
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">13:29:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> find out who they are, ask them directly
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">13:29:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Point taken, we'd love to get in contact with them. Until now most input has been given by Kostas, Stella and Bruno. But we definitely dont want to give the impression that we're not open for anyone else to participate.
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">13:30:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Lets rephrase volunteers to teammembers, at least.
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">13:30:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">13:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and don't "call' for them
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">13:31:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> address people directly
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">13:31:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> Stella, Kostas, Bruno, Svebor and I can help you with finding out who can do stuff
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">13:31:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Well, please do!
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">13:33:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> well
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">13:33:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Henne, perhaps we can address these by mail? All people involved up until now have been very helpfull, we are very much looking forward to work with them some more!
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">13:33:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> let's use this meeting to hash out a plan what to do
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">13:33:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> then we can identify people we need to address first
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">13:34:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> let's come up with the initial tasks, fill them into redmine
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">13:34:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> In your opinion, who would that be?
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">13:34:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> then rub people's noses into them :)
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">13:34:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> We have a plan
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">13:34:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> We are looking to create a few different groups and devolve responsibility to team leads
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">13:34:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> that's the thing. you need to make it theirs
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">13:35:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> I agree.
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">13:35:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> These are the groups we proposed last meeting
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">13:35:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">aside and rehash last meeting</span>
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">13:35:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Orga - core organisation. project + team leads, board</span>
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">13:35:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Venue</span>
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">13:35:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Promo</span>
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">13:35:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Design</span>
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">13:35:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Speakers</span>
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">13:35:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">A/V</span>
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">13:35:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">software</span>
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">13:35:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">network</span>
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">13:35:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> We have a spreadsheet with tasks for each team
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">13:36:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> These need to be put into Redmine
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">13:36:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> But we need people to take responsibility for each team and members to work within the teams.
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">13:36:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> We are not looking for people doing whatever they feel like :)
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">13:36:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and you need to not roll over people
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">13:37:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> No, we want them to do as much as possible themselves
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">13:37:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> But in the end, we *are* responsible
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">13:37:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Hans and I are.
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">13:37:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> if you really think that, you're doomed from the beginning :)
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">13:37:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> So we can't let people do whatever they like, whenever they like :)
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">13:37:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Is it your opinion that we have steamwalzed over people Henne?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">13:38:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> not yet. but dumping a huge task list and organizational structure onto people will
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">13:38:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Well, the task list is just a summary of the tasks of previous oSC's, and we definitely want input on that.
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">13:39:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Organizational structure is something that will have to be worked out while organizing, but categorizing tasks is necessary to keep overview.
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">13:39:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> It is a lot that needs to be done! We can't not do it either. Or nothing gets done.
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">13:39:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> then keep this list handy but develop a new list in redmine togther with people
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">13:39:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> That was the plan all along
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">13:40:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">13:40:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> We have taken a look at Trello to see if it would work from a project management point of view, in our opinion it doesnt, thats why we wanted to switch to Redmine.
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">13:40:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> But that is only tooling, now the real work starts.
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">13:40:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes and for that you need people
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">13:40:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> And in that real work, real people are the most important factor.
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">13:40:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and people who are willing to share the responsibility with you
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">13:41:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Well, every teammember will have their own responsibility of course, it is our (Robin and my) duty to keep overview of whats going on.
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">13:41:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> let me repeat my suggestion: let's come up with a couple of tasks for the next week. then talk to the people we need directly
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">13:41:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> The more people are able to see the big picture, and hopefully Redmine can help with that, the better it will organize.
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">13:42:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> then report on the progress
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">13:42:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> Hey, sorry for the silence.. I'm @ work that forces me to be focused on .. well. work.. :-( What I wanted to say is ... let me know what needs to be done and the deadline, and I'll tell if I can make it.. I can't be much help in organizing and planning people or a team for the next 2 months because circumstances are such that I won't have the time .. :-\ What I feel I could help with is probably some tasks from Promo, Speakers
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">13:42:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> or Web. And I think I can get some others from oSC14 local to join in... I'll spam their inboxes later today..
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">13:42:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> then take it from there
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">13:42:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi Svebor, thanks for your input, please spam me as well so i can help you out on that!
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">13:43:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> To get back on the point of tasks, we have the following points at the moment:
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">13:43:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> - Setup Redmine
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">13:43:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> - Basic info into OSEM and discuss this with Henne
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">13:43:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> - Announcements with Kostas
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">13:43:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> oh, yes, hi hcderaad, everyone. :-)
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">13:44:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> (see agenda point still to come)
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">13:44:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> - We need artwork, any help on contacting the right people on that would be greatly appreciated
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">13:45:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> you need to get Carlos on board: carlosribeiro@opensuse.org
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">13:46:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> - and getting a system for volunteers to volunteer in
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">13:46:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I've already mailed him, but didnt get a response yet, will ask him again.
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">13:46:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> anditosan and carlos helped alot last year. lucijana has an unfortunate personal situation right now so she won't join in on the fun
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">13:46:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Svebor, could you send me the mailaddresses by mail?
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">13:46:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yes and Andi
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">13:46:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> sure!
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">13:47:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> https://connect.opensuse.org/pg/profile/anditosan
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">13:47:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> thanks henne
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">13:48:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> https://connect.opensuse.org/pg/profile/CarlosR1beiro
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">13:48:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> ok, that was quicker :-)
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">13:48:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">hcderaad will contact Carlos and Andi about artwork directly</span>
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">13:49:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> a Logo
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">13:49:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> that's all we need for now
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">13:49:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">13:49:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> for that they need input on what oSC15 will be about
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">13:50:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> each year we tried to come up with a theme
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">13:50:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Henne, i've already sent a mail to the artwork group with some ideas about that, will forward that to Carlos and Andi. Hopefully we can get to a design quickly.
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">13:50:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> I can ask around if anyone local here wants to join in on the artwork, but those would be people with no openSUSE artwork experience.. if needed, let me know..
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">13:51:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> well what you suggested was input in the location
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">13:51:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I doubt oSC15 will be about cheese ;)
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">13:51:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> I have no problem with that! :-)
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">13:51:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Cheese is really really Dutch though :)
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">13:52:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> To be honest, i have no idea what previous themes were, if any. I think we could come up with something however. Hopefully in discussion with the artwork team we can see what would also work from a visual perspective.
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">13:52:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> let me explain in more detail
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">13:53:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oSC14:</span> The Strength to Change
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">13:54:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Just on a more procedural note, we have 5 minutes left. Are there any other points we havent touched by now?
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">13:55:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Do we really need a theme though? Isn't OpenSUSE a theme?
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">13:55:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">oSC13:</span> Power to the Geeko
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">13:55:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Have lots of fun?
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">13:55:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this conference isn't about presenting openSUSE to the world
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">13:56:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> this conference is about bringing the opensuse community together to do $SOMETHING
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">13:56:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> anditosan, hello!! we were just talking about you minutes ago! :-)
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">13:56:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Henne, we'll simply have a agendapoint about a theme next meeting.
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">13:56:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;RobinEd&gt;</span> Strength to Change = $SOMETHING?
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">13:57:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Again, are there any other issues?
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">13:57:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> yes. $SOMETHING = change
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">13:57:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> If not, we'd like to plan a follow up meeting in 2 weeks. In the meanwhile i think we have a lot of emailing to do!
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">13:57:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> hey everyone! I have been a little MIA lol, but carry on and I will read into the conversation
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">13:57:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">RobinEd:</span> for oSC13: $SOMETHING = Empowerment of people
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">13:57:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> we missed you!
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">13:58:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi Anditosan!
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">13:58:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> it's oSC time again. we're looking for a logo and stuff
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">13:58:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> awesome!
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">13:58:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">13:58:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we need your awesomeness
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">13:59:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but we don't really have a theme to work with yet
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">13:59:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> just the location
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">13:59:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ok, cool. Let's work on that
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">13:59:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> see http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-artwork/2014-09/msg00026.html
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">13:59:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> are we coordinating that through the ml or trello, or any other?
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">13:59:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> checking...
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">13:59:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ml and redmine
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">14:00:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">14:00:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I will review and get to work
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">14:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Hi anditosan, we will mail you to get a little more introduction as well, thanks for working with us on this project!
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">14:01:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> For now, we are going to end the meeting, it has been very informative and productive, we'll post an invitation to the project ml for a new date.
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">14:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> yup, you bet!
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">14:01:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> awesome, sorry for the lateness, I just woke up and I am headed to work :(
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">14:01:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> No problem, good to have you on board!
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">14:01:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hcderaad:</span> so how do we proceed?
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">14:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Henne, like i mentioned before, i will contact you about Redmine, and the rest we will pick up with the others involved. A new meeting on IRC will be planned, the date will be in 2 weeks probably tuesday the 21st.
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">14:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Other actionpoints will (hopefully) be in the minutes.
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">14:03:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> Thanks everybody for participating!
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">14:03:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hcderaad&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
