=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by hcderaad at 13:00:04 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2014/opensuse-project.2014-10-07-13.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Agenda openSUSE conference 2015 7/10/14  (hcderaad, 13:00:45)
  * Agenda:  (hcderaad, 13:00:48)
  * - Action items from previous meeting  (hcderaad, 13:00:50)
  * - Status of tooling OSEM and Trello  (hcderaad, 13:00:51)
  * - Announcements  (hcderaad, 13:00:53)
  * - Status of website, etc - will be discussed under action items
    (hcderaad, 13:00:54)
  * - Status of artwork - will be discussed under action items
    (hcderaad, 13:00:56)
  * - Volunteer team assignments  (hcderaad, 13:00:57)
  * - Promotion at conferences?  (hcderaad, 13:00:59)

* Action items from previous meeting  (hcderaad, 13:02:27)
  * finding team leads - status - waiting for tooling  (hcderaad,
    13:02:30)
  * finding volunteers - status - waiting for tooling  (hcderaad,
    13:02:32)
  * getting the design and website up - status, see contacting Henne
    about website and software.  (hcderaad, 13:02:33)
  * finding tooling for the organisation (having a central repository
    for all team members' contact details) - status - waiting for
    tooling / OSEM setup  (hcderaad, 13:02:35)
  * getting the speakers team to issue a CFP (and having tooling to
    evaluate papers handed in) - status waiting for tooling  (hcderaad,
    13:02:36)
  * warlordiff will start working on announcements - status -
    announcement proposals finished, not yet published due to DrupalCon.
    (hcderaad, 13:02:38)
  * differentreality set up OSEM for OSC15 - status - ? Merged with
    tooling.  (hcderaad, 13:02:39)
  * Hans will approach Henne about website and software - status - Henne
    is contacted (delay because of his vacation), he has requested input
    from hcderaad, input was provided, waiting for answer. This action
    item will be merged with setting up website.  (hcderaad, 13:02:41)
  * Hans and warlordiff will discuss announcement before next project
    IRC meeting - status - Hans and warlordiff have spoken about the
    announcements.  (hcderaad, 13:02:43)
  * Hans and Robin will send out a call for team leads / volunteers -
    status - first publications about the project done on private
    Google+ and Facebook streams, must now be formalised.  (hcderaad,
    13:02:44)
  * Hans and Robin will send out requests for design and artwork -
    status - request to artwork team is done, no response yet.
    (hcderaad, 13:02:45)

* Status of tooling OSEM and Trello  (hcderaad, 13:06:51)
  * Redmine  (hcderaad, 13:07:00)
  * ProjectLibre  (hcderaad, 13:07:01)
  * LINK: https://progress.opensuse.org/   (henne, 13:08:45)
  * ACTION: Henne setup Redmine for oSC15  (hcderaad, 13:12:30)
  * LINK: https://progress.opensuse.org/projects/osc15   (henne,
    13:12:36)
  * ACTION: Hans and Robin will provide Henne with list of desired
    functionality/modules  (hcderaad, 13:13:02)
  * ACTION: Hans and Robin will enter tasks into Redmine  (hcderaad,
    13:13:05)
  * Redmine  (RobinEd, 13:20:51)
  * ProjectLibre  (RobinEd, 13:20:53)
  * ACTION: we use Redmine  (RobinEd, 13:21:22)

* Announcements  (hcderaad, 13:21:47)
  * CFP  (hcderaad, 13:21:51)
  * Call for Volunteers  (hcderaad, 13:21:53)
  * meet the Venue  (hcderaad, 13:21:54)
  * meet the Hague  (hcderaad, 13:21:56)
  * FOSDEM article  (hcderaad, 13:21:57)

* Volunteer team assignments  (hcderaad, 13:26:27)
  * We have just selected Redmine as project management tool. Robin and
    Hans will set this up and next meeting we will report back on the
    progress.  (hcderaad, 13:26:30)
  * Orga - core organisation. project + team leads, board  (RobinEd,
    13:35:38)
  * Venue  (RobinEd, 13:35:38)
  * Promo  (RobinEd, 13:35:39)
  * Design  (RobinEd, 13:35:39)
  * Speakers  (RobinEd, 13:35:39)
  * A/V  (RobinEd, 13:35:39)
  * software  (RobinEd, 13:35:41)
  * network  (RobinEd, 13:35:43)
  * LINK: https://connect.opensuse.org/pg/profile/anditosan   (henne,
    13:47:28)
  * LINK: https://connect.opensuse.org/pg/profile/CarlosR1beiro
    (henne, 13:48:12)
  * ACTION: hcderaad will contact Carlos and Andi about artwork directly
    (hcderaad, 13:48:54)



Meeting ended at 14:03:26 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* hcderaad
  * hcderaad will contact Carlos and Andi about artwork directly
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * Henne setup Redmine for oSC15
  * Hans and Robin will provide Henne with list of desired
    functionality/modules
  * Hans and Robin will enter tasks into Redmine
  * we use Redmine



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* hcderaad (106)
* henne (85)
* RobinEd (55)
* anditosan (9)
* Svebor (8)
* bugbot (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4