===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by ilmehtar at 15:18:52 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2014/opensuse-project.2014-09-03-15.18.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* accepted proposals have been announced  (saurabhsood91, 15:22:50)
* acceptance for TSP has been announced as well  (saurabhsood91,
  15:23:11)
* voting in progress on logo for summit  (saurabhsood91, 15:23:53)
* there is a need to promote voting among the community for the logo
  design. vote.suse.org.cn  (saurabhsood91, 15:29:00)
* registrations for the summit are open till 30th september
  (saurabhsood91, 15:31:24)
* if you have items for the openSUSE Project Meeting, please update the
  Agenda on https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting before the
  meeting  (ilmehtar_work, 15:34:28)
* OpenRheinRhur Nov 2014  (ilmehtar, 15:35:52)
  * for OpenRheinRuhr 2014 mail to ada.lovelace@gmx.de  (Ada_Lovelace,
    15:56:53)
  * Sarah Julia Kriesch (Ada_Lovelace) taking the lead organising a
    booth at OpenRheinRuhr. More volunteers are needed. Please contact
    ada.lovelace@gmx.de if you're willing to help over 8-9 November
    (ilmehtar_work, 15:57:19)

* Any other topics?  (ilmehtar, 16:00:26)
  * The next openSUSE Project Meeting will be at 15:00 UTC on Wed 17th
    September  (ilmehtar_work, 16:02:13)



Meeting ended at 16:02:24 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* ilmehtar_work (46)
* Ada_Lovelace (19)
* saurabhsood91 (15)
* stefan737 (6)
* ilmehtar (5)
* victorhck (4)
* tux93 (2)
* bugbot (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4