<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:00:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:00:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Apr  2 15:00:52 2014 UTC.  The chair is vuntz. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:00:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SFaulken&gt;</span> woo.  meeting.
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so I don't see any action items from past meetings
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:02:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> who do we have here?
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:02:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> tigerfoot, awafaa: here?
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:02:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> on the agenda, so far, we have gsoc
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:02:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:04:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I guess not
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:04:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> hey
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:04:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> just in time :-)
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:04:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> also here?
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> hi
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:05:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Hey
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:05:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> want to discuss gsoc?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:05:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I am at work..sso I will just follow today saurabhsood91 will update
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:05:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> a few updates i guess...man?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:05:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> *manugupt1
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:05:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:06:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> 1.) We had a long discussion on the gsoc-mentors list about the vouch. We have decided to scrap the idea, owing to difficulties in students getting a vouch from professors
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:06:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> we havr also received a lot of them though
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:07:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> instead of a vouch, we have decided, that mentors/potential mentors will take the phone numbers of the students in private
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:08:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> hm
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:08:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> we have requested slots from google, and we would come to know how many slots we have on 9th april
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:08:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> are you going to tell that to the students? :)
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:09:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> we need to communicate to all the applicants
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:09:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i will write a comment on the proposals itself
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:09:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> this has been partially done. i will complete it by tonight
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:09:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I am not sure how too do it
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:10:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> please just comment, like you did with the requests
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:10:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> anything to add?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:10:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Some have sent their requests
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:10:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Already
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:10:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> any of the mentors have to add anything?
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:10:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> just add another comment that after discussing this on the mentors and gsoc list you have come to the conclusion that we don't require this anymore
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> to the ones that didn't send the request yet
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:10:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:11:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> ok...
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:11:57 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">sorry can't be really there... @work outside ... you can ping, but i've latency for answer</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:12:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> thats all for updates i guess...
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:12:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> do you have any guess about the number of slots that we'll get?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:12:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> one last thing...
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> not sure yet. we hope to get more than what we did last year
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:14:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i have to add, that after 9th, we will need to decide which projects we need to select based on the number of slots we get. last year, we used a google doc, and asked for mentors to vote on the projects. should we carry on with the same this year as well? are the mentors fine with it?
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:15:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> was there feedback on this last year?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:15:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> if people were fine with it and there's no idea for improvement, then I guess keeping that is good :-)
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:15:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> didnt get comments on that. still, better to ask ;)
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:16:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:16:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancor&gt;</span> there is a rating functionality already in melange, isn't it?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:17:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:17:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ancor:</span> yeah, but there might be a possibility that there are more highly rated projects than slots. we have to take a call in that case
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> so, a vote seems a reasonable idea. what do you  think?
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:20:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> maybe this is a stupid question, but who would be voting?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:20:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar:</span> all, who have registered for mentors
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:21:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> or, the entire gsoc-mentors list i guess..will check with manu what we did last time
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:21:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> ^^
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:21:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> wouldn't they just vote for the projects they're technically able to mentor? or am I missing something here (former gci mentor, not gsoc)
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:22:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar:</span> they vote on which projects we should mentor for gsoc, based on the number of slots we have
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:22:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I  ok with saurabhsood91 idea
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:23:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SFaulken&gt;</span> sounds reasonable enough to me.
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:23:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> with mentors only, or the entire gsoc-mentors list?
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:23:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> if you both (as the gsoc-admins) think it'll work, sounds reasonable enough to me too :)
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:23:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> If you have to choose 9 /12 good proposals then it becomes an issue
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:23:42 </span><span class="nka">* saurabhsood91</span> <span class="ac">forgot actually</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:24:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We will figure out
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:24:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:25:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i guess that is all we have for gsoc...
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:26:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok, any last question for gsoc?
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:26:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I guess no
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:26:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> any other topic people would like to discuss?
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:27:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> nothing?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:28:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> well, I guess everyone's busy :-)
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:28:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SFaulken&gt;</span> I don't have anything I can think of off the top of my head.
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:28:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> hopefully busy preparing the trip to dubrovnik :-)
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:28:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SFaulken&gt;</span> amongst other things.
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:28:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> thanks all!
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:29:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> was a short meeting :-)
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:29:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
