<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:18:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:18:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Sep  3 15:18:52 2014 UTC.  The chair is ilmehtar. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:18:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Okay! A few minutes late but lets start this meeting
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:21:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Going from the Agenda which has been posted on https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting - Going through the Minutes from the last meeting, there were no action items, so I'll be setting the topic to openSUSE Asia
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:21:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Asia Summit</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> does anyone have any updates about the upcoming summit?
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:21:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> hi
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:21:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> we had a meeting about an hour back. things progressing well
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:22:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> voting is in progress for the logo
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:22:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> feel free to put anything you want to share with everyone in #info items so they show in the minutes
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:22:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:22:34 </span><span class="nka">* victorhck</span> <span class="ac">reading...</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:22:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">accepted proposals have been announced</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:23:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">acceptance for TSP has been announced as well</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:23:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">voting in progress on logo for summit</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:24:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i will just check once more if i missed on anything else...
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:24:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> I know we dont announce details, but can you give me a rough summary of TSP for summit? how many people are being sponsored?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:24:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar_work:</span> as to that, i don't have any idea
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:24:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">victorhck:</span> was that discussed in the summit meeting? i missed some parts of it
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:25:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;victorhck&gt;</span> I was but only few minutes...
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:25:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar_work:</span> maybe someone from the TSP team can tell
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:26:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> if any of them are here.. tux93 ?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:27:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tux93&gt;</span> here, let me read up the log
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:27:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;victorhck&gt;</span> I didn't found nothing sbout that in Trello...
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:27:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i don't think TSP details came up
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:29:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">there is a need to promote voting among the community for the logo design. vote.suse.org.cn</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:29:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tux93&gt;</span> if i counted right we are sponsoring eight people
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:30:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tux93:</span> that's great! :)
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:30:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;victorhck&gt;</span> I made a bit of "spam" about logo contest in G+ community and Tw
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:31:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">registrations for the summit are open till 30th september</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:31:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:31:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> anything else need to be said about Summit?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:33:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i dont have anything else
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:33:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> I guess not
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:33:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:34:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Moving on then, officially there is nothing else on the Agenda.. but I know that's not true.. so let me first make a quick note for the minutes
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:34:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Project Procedure</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:34:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">if you have items for the openSUSE Project Meeting, please update the Agenda on https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting before the meeting</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:34:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> and now..
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:34:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">OpenRheinRhur Nov 2014</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:35:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">OpenRheinRuhr and other events</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:35:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Stefan, Axel and Sarah here?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:35:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> I am Sarah. :)
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:35:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> Stefan has connected me.
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:35:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">OpenRheinRhur Nov 2014</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:36:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> (great..I'll fix the minutes later..tempremental bot..)
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:36:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> I can take the part.
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> yes, is Stefan here? he was the one who suggested it should be discussed..
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:37:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> We have a problem.
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:37:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Yes?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:37:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> We need somebody of the community. My membership won't be accepted.
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:37:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> I don't understand?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:37:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> I don't have a mail account.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:38:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> I translate in the translation team and our team lead Michael Skiba is uploading all the files with his own svn access.
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:39:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> You dont need to be an openSUSE member (and therefore have a mail account) to represent openSUSE - are you sure that OpenRheinRuhr will only let you complete the Call for Projects with an openSUSE address?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:39:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> With this way nothing is translated by the translation team. All will be ttranslated by Michael.
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:40:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ada_Lovelace:</span> I dont understand - what does this have to do with OpenRheinRuhr?
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:40:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> My membership won't be accepted any time.
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:40:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> We need somebody with a membership status on the OpenRheinRhur.
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:40:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> why?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:41:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> They need that. Wait I write to Stefan.
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:41:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> I'm looking at http://www.openrheinruhr.de/aussteller.html - they dont seem to have any such requirement
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:43:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> If they need verification that you're really going there on behalf of the openSUSE Project, I'll be happy to email them to confirm that. you shouldn't need to be an openSUSE member in order to represent openSUSE at an event, we have plenty of advocates around the world who do that without any problem
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:43:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> Ok. I'll contact them with my private mail address.
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:43:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Great, and like I said, if they want 'official confirmation', send them my way ;)
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:44:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> I'll do that. :)
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:45:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Is anyone else going to be in Essen for the week of 8-9 November and able to help Ada_Lovelace with our presence at Open Rhein Ruhr?
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:48:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> No one? Okay, Sarah, looks like you're in charge..I'd recommend reaching out on the opensuse-de lists and channels and such and try and find some more help so you're not doing it all
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:48:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> Stefan is here. :)
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:48:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stefan737&gt;</span> hi
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:48:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stefan737:</span> hi there..we've just been talking about ORR
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:49:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stefan737&gt;</span> how can i help
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:50:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stefan737:</span> well Sarah (Ada_Lovelace) is going to be in charge of organising the booth. I'm going to be updating the TSP Application so people can apply for both TSP support and a Booth Box so they'll be materials for a booth. I'd say the best help you could do is either helping her at the booth during the event, or help her find more people going to ORR who'd be willing to represent us
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:51:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> Thanks!
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:52:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stefan737&gt;</span> helping at the booth would be difficult, becaus we'hve our own booth with invis-server, another boot with my own business and we've to organize a complete talk threat at orr.
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:54:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">stefan737:</span> understood, then the best help you can be is, along with Sarah, probably approaching the opensuse-de channels and lists, as well as maybe another mail or 2 to -project over the next few weeks, to get more volunteers to help on our booth. that would be great
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:54:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> We will do that.
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:54:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stefan737&gt;</span> that's ok
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:54:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Thank you
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:55:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ada_Lovelace:</span> is it okay if I put your mail address in the minutes so people know to get in touch with you?
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:56:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stefan737&gt;</span> no problem
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:56:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">for OpenRheinRuhr 2014 mail to ada.lovelace@gmx.de</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:57:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Sarah Julia Kriesch (Ada_Lovelace) taking the lead organising a booth at OpenRheinRuhr. More volunteers are needed. Please contact ada.lovelace@gmx.de if you're willing to help over 8-9 November</span>
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:57:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;stefan737&gt;</span> i try to talk with jan krings and marcel richter to volunteer at orr. they did it last year.
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:58:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> And just so you know, we're starting to run low on booth box materials, but I think we shouldn't have a problem getting materials to you
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:58:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ada_Lovelace&gt;</span> Thanks a lot.
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:59:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> ORR was already pencilled in to my list :)
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:59:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> okay then..anything else about ORR before we move on to 'Any other business'?
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">16:00:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> I guess not :)
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">16:00:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Any other topics?</span>
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">16:00:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> D
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">16:00:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Any other topics?</span>
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">16:00:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Does anyone else have anything they want to bring up for this meeting?
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">16:01:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> I guess not..alright then
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">16:01:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting</span>
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">16:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The next openSUSE Project Meeting will be at 15:00 UTC on Wed 17th September</span>
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">16:02:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Thanks to everyone for coming! :)
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">16:02:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
