15:00:52 <vuntz> #startmeeting openSUSE Project Meeting
15:00:52 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed Apr  2 15:00:52 2014 UTC.  The chair is vuntz. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
15:00:52 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
15:01:31 <SFaulken> woo.  meeting.
15:02:01 <vuntz> so I don't see any action items from past meetings
15:02:08 <vuntz> who do we have here?
15:02:19 <vuntz> tigerfoot, awafaa: here?
15:02:51 <vuntz> on the agenda, so far, we have gsoc
15:02:56 <vuntz> anything else?
15:04:25 <vuntz> I guess not
15:04:38 <vuntz> manugupt1: hey
15:04:40 <vuntz> just in time :-)
15:04:45 <vuntz> saurabhsood91: also here?
15:04:50 <saurabhsood91> vuntz: hi
15:05:05 <manugupt1> Hey
15:05:11 <vuntz> want to discuss gsoc?
15:05:27 <manugupt1> I am at work..sso I will just follow today saurabhsood91 will update
15:05:28 <saurabhsood91> a few updates i guess...man?
15:05:34 <saurabhsood91> *manugupt1
15:05:42 <vuntz> #topic GSoC
15:06:27 <saurabhsood91> 1.) We had a long discussion on the gsoc-mentors list about the vouch. We have decided to scrap the idea, owing to difficulties in students getting a vouch from professors
15:06:55 <manugupt1> we havr also received a lot of them though
15:07:31 <saurabhsood91> instead of a vouch, we have decided, that mentors/potential mentors will take the phone numbers of the students in private
15:08:14 <henne> hm
15:08:15 <saurabhsood91> we have requested slots from google, and we would come to know how many slots we have on 9th april
15:08:22 <henne> are you going to tell that to the students? :)
15:09:21 <saurabhsood91> henne: we need to communicate to all the applicants
15:09:26 <henne> yeah
15:09:37 <saurabhsood91> i will write a comment on the proposals itself
15:09:53 <saurabhsood91> this has been partially done. i will complete it by tonight
15:09:59 <manugupt1> I am not sure how too do it
15:10:03 <henne> please just comment, like you did with the requests
15:10:16 <saurabhsood91> manugupt1: anything to add?
15:10:18 <manugupt1> Some have sent their requests
15:10:23 <manugupt1> Already
15:10:30 <saurabhsood91> any of the mentors have to add anything?
15:10:40 <henne> just add another comment that after discussing this on the mentors and gsoc list you have come to the conclusion that we don't require this anymore
15:10:54 <henne> to the ones that didn't send the request yet
15:10:57 <manugupt1> Ok
15:11:00 <saurabhsood91> ok...
15:11:57 * tigerfoot sorry can't be really there... @work outside ... you can ping, but i've latency for answer
15:12:04 <saurabhsood91> thats all for updates i guess...
15:12:35 <vuntz> saurabhsood91: do you have any guess about the number of slots that we'll get?
15:12:36 <saurabhsood91> one last thing...
15:13:20 <saurabhsood91> vuntz: not sure yet. we hope to get more than what we did last year
15:14:31 <saurabhsood91> i have to add, that after 9th, we will need to decide which projects we need to select based on the number of slots we get. last year, we used a google doc, and asked for mentors to vote on the projects. should we carry on with the same this year as well? are the mentors fine with it?
15:15:08 <vuntz> was there feedback on this last year?
15:15:25 <vuntz> if people were fine with it and there's no idea for improvement, then I guess keeping that is good :-)
15:15:55 <saurabhsood91> didnt get comments on that. still, better to ask ;)
15:16:25 <vuntz> :-)
15:16:51 <ancor> there is a rating functionality already in melange, isn't it?
15:17:01 <henne> yeah
15:17:30 <saurabhsood91> ancor: yeah, but there might be a possibility that there are more highly rated projects than slots. we have to take a call in that case
15:18:32 <saurabhsood91> so, a vote seems a reasonable idea. what do you  think?
15:20:04 <ilmehtar> saurabhsood91: maybe this is a stupid question, but who would be voting?
15:20:32 <saurabhsood91> ilmehtar: all, who have registered for mentors
15:21:20 <saurabhsood91> or, the entire gsoc-mentors list i guess..will check with manu what we did last time
15:21:50 <saurabhsood91> manugupt1: ^^
15:21:51 <ilmehtar> saurabhsood91: wouldn't they just vote for the projects they're technically able to mentor? or am I missing something here (former gci mentor, not gsoc)
15:22:30 <saurabhsood91> ilmehtar: they vote on which projects we should mentor for gsoc, based on the number of slots we have
15:22:55 <manugupt1> I  ok with saurabhsood91 idea
15:23:12 <SFaulken> sounds reasonable enough to me.
15:23:22 <saurabhsood91> manugupt1: with mentors only, or the entire gsoc-mentors list?
15:23:23 <ilmehtar> if you both (as the gsoc-admins) think it'll work, sounds reasonable enough to me too :)
15:23:26 <manugupt1> If you have to choose 9 /12 good proposals then it becomes an issue
15:23:42 * saurabhsood91 forgot actually
15:24:02 <manugupt1> We will figure out
15:24:10 <saurabhsood91> cool
15:25:59 <saurabhsood91> i guess that is all we have for gsoc...
15:26:06 <vuntz> ok, any last question for gsoc?
15:26:50 <vuntz> I guess no
15:26:57 <vuntz> any other topic people would like to discuss?
15:27:55 <vuntz> nothing?
15:28:03 <vuntz> well, I guess everyone's busy :-)
15:28:09 <SFaulken> I don't have anything I can think of off the top of my head.
15:28:26 <vuntz> hopefully busy preparing the trip to dubrovnik :-)
15:28:35 <SFaulken> amongst other things.
15:28:55 <vuntz> ok
15:28:57 <vuntz> thanks all!
15:29:02 <vuntz> was a short meeting :-)
15:29:05 <vuntz> #endmeeting