<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:01:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:01:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jul  9 15:01:51 2014 UTC.  The chair is ilmehtar_work. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:01:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:02:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">robjo</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:02:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: ilmehtar_work robjo
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:02:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">tigerfoot</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:02:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: ilmehtar_work robjo tigerfoot
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:03:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> The Agenda we currently have is here: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting - does *anyone* have anything they'd like to add before we start?
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:04:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> I suppose not.. okay then
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:04:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Review of Action Items from the Last Meeting</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:05:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (apologies, in a meeting :/)
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:05:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> There was 2 action items from our last meeting. One I'll leave till the next topic (GSoC), the other was for me and henne to setup a website for the new Marketing Materials are the guidelines/website to go along with it
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:06:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Sources for the New openSUSE Marketing Materials are temporarily available at https://github.com/sysrich/opensuse-newbrandguidelines</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:07:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Kenneth and Zvezdana are still working on a new website which will provide these materials along with guidences on fonts, colours, etc. Discussions are ongoing in opensuse-artwork@opensuse.org, feel free to join the conversation</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:08:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Henne to help Richard setup the website for the marketing materials/guidelines once they're completed</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:08:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> There was no other action items I can find..am I missing anything?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:08:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> GSoC status?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:09:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I forgot to add it
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> that's our next Agenda item ;-)
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:09:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> cool..
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:09:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC Status</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:09:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Yes its me now :)
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:10:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> the stage is yours Manu :)
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:10:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Good news, For the first time I believe We have all the gsoc participants passing the mid term evaluations
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:10:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> No one lost, all of them are still here
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Great News! - All GSoC participants passed their mid term evaulations</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:11:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We have a few more stuff, like the money which wll be handled by Vincent
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:11:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> and then mentors summit
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:11:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> As of now, I and Dominik will go
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:12:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> is that progressing well? I've been keeping an eye on the emails, am I right in thinking there's no outstanding issues with that right now?
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:12:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> But if there is anything else, we will ahve a third person ready to go too
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:12:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ilmehtar_work:</span> yes :D
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:12:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> all is well so far..
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I think we have no issues, and that is it I guess
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:12:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Past issues with Mentor Stipends + Travel Payments all cleared up. Manu and Dominik are expected to attend the Mentors Summit</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:13:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> thanks manugupt1 :)
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:14:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> I suppose I have a last minute Agenda addition..
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:14:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Booth Boxes/Events</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:16:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We've still got plenty of Booth Boxes just waiting for people to use them to represent openSUSE at events.</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:17:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">If you're going to a FOSS event around the world and would like to represent openSUSE, we'd love to hear from you and ship all the materials you'll need to make a real splash</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:18:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">the openSUSE Team have put together a great application for processing requests, but we'd like to make sure it works, so please contact board@opensuse.org to let us know and we'll talk you through the process.</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:18:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">the next event we're likely to be at is GUADEC at the end of this month. If you're going and willing to help at an openSUSE booth there, please contact rbrownccb@opensuse.org</span>
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:19:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Any questions/thoughts/comments on this topic?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:20:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Speaking of events, we will have an openSUSE Summit in Bejing
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:20:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> of course!
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:20:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> http://summit.opensuse.org/
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:20:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We're also going to have an openSUSE Summit in Bejing</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:20:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">http://summit.opensuse.org</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:20:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> wow, this website looks really pretty..
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:22:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> anything else you want noted in the minutes?
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:22:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> nothing else from me right now
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Okay, does anyone have anything for the "New Ideas &amp; initiatives for the project" topic?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:25:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> hmmm
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:25:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> yes sir?
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:26:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I'm not sure we need anything new when the old stuff is dangling ;-)
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:26:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Okay then..any other business? :)
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:28:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> Guess not, everything wrapped up in 30 minutes..not bad
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:28:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next meeting date</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:29:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">the next openSUSE Project IRC meeting will be 15:00 UTC on 23rd July, in #opensuse-project on irc.freenode.org as usual. See you there!</span>
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:29:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ilmehtar_work&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
