<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">16:04:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">oSC14 organization</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">16:04:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Mar 19 16:04:51 2014 UTC.  The chair is robjo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">16:04:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">16:05:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> are you enjoying nice weather like I am in Zagreb?
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">16:06:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> oh, we're on! ok, let's start with action items report...
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">16:06:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> agenda?
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">16:06:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> 1) press kit for JoinUp, 2) translating tweets
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">16:06:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_meeting#Agenda_for_Next_Meeting
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">16:07:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> jospoortvliet did the press kit
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">16:08:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> i translated parts into croatian
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">16:08:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> nice, I need that for JoinUp
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">16:08:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> how can I translate and forward tweets?
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">16:08:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> igustin_cro, did you contact JoinUP already?
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">16:10:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> no, I was waiting for press kit, but I know JooinUp editor, we're in contact
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">16:10:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> igustin_cro, here it is - https://trello.com/c/QPfz2SAx
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">16:10:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> now I'll take this press kit materials and forward it to him
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">16:10:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">16:10:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">16:11:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> henne, any luck with pushing SUSE on business track?
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">16:11:20 </span><span class="nka">* henne</span> <span class="ac">is gone: away</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">16:11:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> henne asked me for translating tweets, but I don't wher to send translations
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">16:12:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">igustin_cro:</span> maye that would be for a Croatian openSUSE twitter account... if there is none, you could set it up, put it on the site etc.
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">16:12:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but I can't look in henne's head and he is special enough that I would never dare to suggest I understand what he wants or does :D
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">16:13:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">16:14:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> ok, so if igustin_cro creates account, is he forever bound to take care of it, where and how would he publish it's existence?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">16:14:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> I offered new acc, but henne wants via official accout
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">16:15:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">igustin_cro:</span> then let henne figure it out - I don't understand it...
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">16:15:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I think the idea was that someone that knows croatian can give us some translations (trello is there for tasks...) and then we publish in croatian through our twitter acc
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">16:15:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Svebor:</span> he can of course share the password etc with others, doesn't have to do it alone. And for sure - I have no problem making him maintian a croatian openSUSE account for the rest of his life, do you?
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">16:15:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">16:15:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> unless you already have a twitter account that people know in your country I don't see much use creating one now
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">16:16:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> that is of course true. Then again, you can say that you have to start at SOME point :P
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">16:16:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but for sure, a stathis would be needed to build this account up (that guy is a MACHINE)
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">16:16:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> that's true indeed :)
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">16:17:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> well.. yes.. i'd rather we don't start an account that wouldn't have a dedicated maintainer after the conference..
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">16:17:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> that would be sad.. so, just send tweets to henne and stathis?
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">16:17:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> why don't you put them up in trello for everyone to see and use ?!
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">16:18:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> it is not about creating and maintaining new account, it's about number of followers :/
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">16:18:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> ok, I'll put translations on Trello
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">16:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> It's far better to use well know official account with many folloewers
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">16:19:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> great, that settles it
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">16:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> or, I can tweet by myself, if you share password with me
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">16:20:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> ok, so we need the action item for igustin_cro please - write translations of tweets to trello or to twitter directly if given password?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">16:21:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> and another one just to have it on record - follow up to get article published in JoinUP
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">16:22:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> robjo ping?
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">16:22:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">igustin_cro write translations of tweets to trello or to twitter directly if given password</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">16:23:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">igustin_cro follow up to get article published in JoinUP</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">16:23:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">16:23:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> next report - I wrote the article for unidu website
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">16:24:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> I got it published on my faculty website intranet - for students and staff - everyone got a notification by mail late Monday
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">16:24:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">16:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> and i plastered the main entrance with two posters
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">16:24:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> put cubes on tables
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">16:25:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> there goes the marketing train, hurray :)
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">16:25:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> I got approval to plaster the faculty students' club - so that will happen tomorrow
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">16:25:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> put some cubes on the bar and tables too
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">16:26:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> I'm also close to paying for poster printing in Dubrovnik, talked with henne about that today, so TomoS will be able to do the same in Unidu
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">16:27:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> and, as far as I know, TomoS forwarded the article for publishing on unidu website, right?
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">16:27:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;TomoS&gt;</span> Yes, I send article for publishing on unidu website
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">16:27:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;TomoS&gt;</span> I will remind them to pusblish it
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">16:28:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> ok, so I would say it isn't unrealistic to expect to publish that and have the posters ready by the end of this week, posters will get to you latest on monday, and then you can put them everywhere
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">16:29:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> so, also just for the record - give me an action to print posters in Dubrovnik
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">16:29:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> please :-)
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">16:29:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Svebor print posters for Dubrovnik, target by end of this week</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">16:29:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> robjo, did you get response from suse about sunday keynote?
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">16:29:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;TomoS&gt;</span> Mail me when they print it so I can pick them up
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">16:30:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I did not check with SUSE as henne mentioned that was being discussed last week
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">16:30:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> TomoS, I will talk to them first thing in the morning tomorrow and let you know
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">16:31:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> ok, so that's it for reports
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">16:32:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> next up, problem with payments with some suppliers..
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">16:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Rafal__&gt;</span> Hi guys! I have a problem with grub2  after trying to make an update from version 11.4 via zipper. Now the grub told me that the file /boot/grub2/core.img is missing. Ive tried to make a symlink to core.img but it diditn dolve the problem. Maybe somone could help me with it?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">16:33:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> this thing i suppose robjo would most probably know what to do and who to ask.. some suppliers cannot provide invoices to suse before the goods have been delivered .. only offers and pro forma invoices
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">16:33:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tux93&gt;</span> !support @ Rafal__
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">16:33:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SUSEhelp&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Rafal__:</span> support is in #suse
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">16:34:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Rafal__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SUSEhelp:</span> OK, ty for help
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">16:34:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> preliminary invoices
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">16:34:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Rafal__:</span> we are in the middle of a meeting, technical questions please on #opensuse
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">16:34:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> and suse cannot make payments that way.. i will try to solve this with henne the same way like printing
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">16:35:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Svebor:</span> no real invoice no money, sorry that's how it works
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">16:35:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I think we can do prepayments with proforma invoice
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">16:35:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> but for bigger amounts this obviously won't work..I can't shell out loads of cash on stuff
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">16:36:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> differentreality, what's the difference in the procedure? how do we go about this?
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">16:36:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Svebor:</span> yes, and that's not expected. But if the vendor cannot issue an invoice now then they'll have to wait
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">16:37:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Svebor:</span> same as invoices
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">16:38:31 </span><span class="nka">* igustin_cro</span> <span class="ac">welcome to Croatian "different reality" ;)</span>
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">16:38:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> but it takes longer to execute the payment, is that what you are telling me robjo ?
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">16:39:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Svebor:</span> the time to execute the payment is the same
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">16:39:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> it just depends on when the vendor wants the money
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">16:40:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If they want the money before they deliver the goods they have to issue a real invoice
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">16:40:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> Croatia way and order of business: proforma invoice, payment, delivery, real invoice
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">16:40:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> the real question is, does the vendor accept payment within 30 days after delivering the goods and issuing the invoice?
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">16:40:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gopesh&gt;</span> please review my proposal on melange http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/proposal/public/google/gsoc2014/gopesh/5707702298738688 and add comments for me to modify it
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">16:40:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if they can wait until after they deliver the goods then no real invice is needed now
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">16:40:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> generaly - no
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">16:40:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gopesh:</span> we are in the middle of a meeting, can you please wait, thanks
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">16:41:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">igustin_cro:</span> I realize that... but perhaps if you explain that you have funds allocated specifically for this purpose from a huge company, some supplier could accept it
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">16:41:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gopesh&gt;</span> okay sure :)
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">16:41:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Svebor:</span> if helps - payment can be done via HrOpen/HULK NGO, and then forwarded
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">16:42:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and how are you gonna invoice SUSE so that you can then take the money from SUSE?
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">16:42:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> maybe, Svebor can ask them
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">16:42:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> invoice from NGO for the same thing is not OK?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">16:43:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> I am not sure hropen or hulk can be the middle man in a transaction legally
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">16:43:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> so your NGO can invoice people fro printing ?! are u sure?
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">16:43:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> I am not sure I can sell stuff
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">16:43:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> hm... :S
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">16:43:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> maybe hulk can, but I almost certainly cannot
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">16:43:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> anyway, is there a *specific* problem we are having ?
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">16:44:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Svebor:</span> can you talk with vendor about HrOpen/HULK as guarantee for that invoices/payment?
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">16:44:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> there cannot be a middle entity if we are dealing with purchase orders
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">16:45:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> nah.. we'll try to figure this out with melanie and board .. the only way would be to receive an exact donation for help with organization from suse to hropen and then we pay for stuff
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">16:45:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I don't think that's what they were suggesting... I think they were suggesting that for SUSE the supplier for the printing, for example, would be an X company (x company being hropen, instead of the actual printing shop)
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">16:46:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> yes, that is what igustin_cro suggested
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">16:46:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> but that cannot be done
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">16:46:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> that's a "middle" entity and then hropen would have to be set up as a vendor
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">16:46:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> as a ngo we cannot act as a commercial entity like that i'm pretty sure of that
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">16:46:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> but that implies that hropen has to be a business etc.......
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">16:47:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> yep.. so donations and help in organisation somehow only..
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">16:47:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> lets take this offline
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">16:47:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Svebor:</span> what about HrOpen as a guarantor?
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">16:47:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> yep.. i will send an email
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">16:47:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> igustin_cro, i may ask
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">16:48:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> SUSE could also provide a letter explaining how things work
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">16:48:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> ok, lets go on.. statuses
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">16:48:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Svebor follow up with openSUSE board and melanie to find a solution to invoice problem</span>
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">16:49:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> what else?
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">16:49:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;TomoS&gt;</span> I need to go, Svebor will contact me if I miss something important
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">16:49:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> anything anyone thinks we should address concerning venue, program, promo, sponsors?
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">16:49:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> bye TomoS !
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">16:49:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;TomoS&gt;</span> Bye
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">16:50:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> .. i got no feedback from SUSE on the agreement yet
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">16:51:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> program is doing fine if don't count business track (not much business track submissions yet, right?) and Izabel is still working on some sponsors..
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">16:52:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Yes, I think there will be no business track
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">16:53:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> well, that settles it once and for all I guess.. :-(
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">16:54:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We can only accept the submissions we get
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">16:54:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> it was a good idea, I think, there's just been no uptake
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">16:54:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> of course Cfp Is still open
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">16:54:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we have 73 proposals currently
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">16:55:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> well, yes.. and I still have to try and spam some more businesses .. and we'll see what happens.. if anything.. igustin_cro do you think you could also spam some about participating in the business track?
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">16:56:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> those being only croatian ones of course..
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">16:56:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Svebor:</span> some business lecturers?
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">16:57:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">16:57:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> business related free software topics
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">16:57:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;igustin_cro&gt;</span> I can ping some of them, sure
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">16:57:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> ok, let's try to do that and see what happens.. action for igustin_cro and me?
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">16:58:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Svebor and igustin_cro try and drum up topics for business track</span>
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">16:59:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> there is just one more thing - registrations .. I noticed a few people that will go to dubrovnik didn't register because they didn't like the interface in osem.. so that's just a note for the future..
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">16:59:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">17:00:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> ???? is there any data about what they didn't like
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">17:00:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yeah, that's a bit vague. Didn't like or had any problems or ?
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">17:01:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> i can email the details.. those are people that didn't have the account so had to sign up first..
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">17:01:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> i will try to audit them about it.. :-)
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">17:01:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">17:02:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> what else?
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">17:02:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> ok, i think that's it.. we go on solving stuff and when we do it do some more stuff from trello.. anyone listening, if you got the will to help, join us on trello! :-)
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">17:03:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> next meeting next week same time?
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">17:03:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> https://trello.com/osc14team is the place to be.
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">17:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Svebor&gt;</span> yes, same place same time works for me!
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">17:04:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">next meeting next week, same time same channel  March 16, 17:00 UTC #opensuse-project on irc</span>
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">17:04:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
