<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Nov 12 15:00:35 2014 UTC.  The chair is sysrich. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> Hi Everyone! It's time for the openSUSE Project Meeting. awafaa plinnell warlordfff tigerfoot any of you here?
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:02:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> I guess not. Okay, who else is here for the project meeting?
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:02:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> I
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:03:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancor&gt;</span> I'm lurking, as usual :-)
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:03:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> hi
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:03:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> Hi douglas, ancor, manu..okay, I'm not all alone, I feel that we can start then, hopefully some other lurkers among the 92 in the channel also :)
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:04:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Action Item Review</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:04:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">No action items from last meeting</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:04:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> Moving swiftly on :)
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:04:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Non-publically accessible Bug Reports</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:05:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">PJessen wrote the following into the openSUSE Project Meeting Agenda - Proposed change in Bugzilla policy wrt duplicates of non-publicly accessible reports. See my posting to opensuse-project from 13 October which went unanswered. I may not be able to attend the meeting tomorrow, hence the following: it is a little annoying when one's report is marked duplicate of something one cannot see. I totally appreciate having two reports</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:05:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> is a hassle for whoever is working the bug too, but given two reports A and B, could we perhaps disallow marking A a duplicate of B unless B is visible to the reporter of A?
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:06:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> Does anyone have any thoughts, comments, suggestions, things to say about that?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:08:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> No one? please? I of course could say what I think and throw stuff in the minutes for PJessen but these meetings are a chance for everyone to discuss topics like this. What do you all think about those bugreports which are marked 'private', normally becuase they are also in SUSE's Enterprise Products?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:09:01 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">will look but from a far eyes mostly due to the fact that I'm work</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:09:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> if A depend on hidden B B as to be opened ...
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:09:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> if B really can't be cause it contains a full dump of NSA report, then create C and make A duplicate of C
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:11:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> the 'problem' at the moment, in simplest terms, is that all SUSE Linux Enterprise bugs are 'private', where as all openSUSE bugs are public. However, we share code. So if SUSE find a bug in SLE stuff first, our openSUSE bugs are marked as a duplicate, which then hides any progress
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:13:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;awafaa&gt;</span> could we not have the oS bug not marked as duplicate, but a note that it is being worked on in SLE bug foo
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:13:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> couldn't triage able to see, if the bug is really private or not ??? Damn it seems centuries working on that "trouble" now we have new infra with splitted bugzilla and still no way to do thing easily and correctly
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:14:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">awafaa:</span> but then in changelog you still we see fixed as #123456 =&gt; no access to the resolution which is a no go for an open source community.
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:15:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> it seems also completely stupid to ask triage to reopen a open copy of the initial bug.
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:15:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> There's lots of issues, most of them internal to SUSE, that need to be addressed. Not wanting to leak private customer data is an important point for SUSE, but keeping that customer data in Bugzilla is essential for them to reproduce bugs efficientl
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:16:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> I second that. I think there are some legal consideration we as a community must accept
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:16:21 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">understand that, but once a resolution is found. if the bug has to be kept closed an open copy is made with no private data,</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:16:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> the private is duplicate the open one, and changelog contains only pointer to the open copy ...
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> What I understand here is even if we commit on open source code, we will not divulge the customer's data. So, cant the developer leave a note as awafaa suggested and when it is fixed, point to the patch and close the bug
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:17:47 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">think it the best way  ... so SLE will also have an open pointer , and only the related customer could see his private bug and fixes ...</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:18:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> the commit log will have technical explanation, not customer details
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:19:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> I have a somewhat petty observation to make - this would be less of an issue if openSUSE found more of the bugs first. It only happens when SLE finds them first, and therefore 'ours' are the duplicates.
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:20:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> :-) but are really most of them containing private data ?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:21:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> Even if not, Entreprise customers would not want to talk about it
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:21:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> After a SLE product is released (ie. every bug that is 'new' in SLE 12 since the beginning of November), yes, pretty much
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:21:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> During Alpha/Beta, it's more complicated, as you have less customers finding bugs and more SUSE engineers finding bugs
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:22:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> perhaps the details of the bug could expose some sensitive information
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> so I don't see an easy solution, especially without a high charge of work on SUSE side to create an open copy and reference that one once a fix is done ...
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:23:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> What about the suggestion that I suggested earlier, is it not ok?
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:23:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> i'm good with it
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:24:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmanu:</span> it's not about the commit log, its about having fix bug bnc#88567 in rpm changelog ...
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:24:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmanu:</span> tying two bugs together like that..how would you actually do it in Bugzilla? You have to consider stuff like the following - SUSE found and fixed 4700 bugs during the development of SLE 12.. only some of those overlap with openSUSE, you cant expect a developer to be able to remember which :)
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:24:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> if I saw a bug fixed, I'm going to carefully check it ... damn no I can't its private ...
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:24:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> Ok.. Lets say it is like this
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:25:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> We have 2 bugzillas, single rpm
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:25:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> 1 BZ is private where all the work goes on
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:25:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> we have 1 bugzilla
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:25:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> 2 frontends
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> but it's really a single bugzilla, one database
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:25:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> me too :-)
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:25:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> sorry 2 bugs
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:26:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> In BZ1 all the work goes on
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:26:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> In BZ2 a developer comments I am working on it, and once he has fixed it, he posts his patch over the BZ
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:26:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> and the RPM Changelog will contain BZ1 and BZ2
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:27:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> how would you know that BZ1 and BZ2 are linked, related? how would you track that?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:27:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> how would you systematically process it - remember, thousands of bugs..
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:27:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> When you close the BZ2, you just duplicate it to BZ1
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:28:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> on the BZ
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:28:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> And they are all linked on BZ
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:28:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> But duplicate after fixing it.
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:28:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmanu:</span> I don't see how that is beneficial at all, that seems like a duplication of work, and something that's impossibel to track
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:28:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> Also you can relate to bugs in BZ
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:28:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> so duplicate is the identifier
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:28:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio_:</span> exactly
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:28:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmanu:</span> so you'd end up with a whole bunch of orphaned 'BZ2's' that people forget to close
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:29:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> We used to do this when we were at work.
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:29:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> and, you need to explain the benefit this is to anyone - if all the work is happening in BZ1, then no one is seeing anything, no one has anything to contribute, no one can help.. it's the same as we have now, just that you have BZ2 where people can complain about the lack of progress in public
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:29:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> Remember a developer can never work more than 10 works whatever it is
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:30:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> If you duplicate it earlier, people think they have been shunned off, if you tell them we are working on it, they try to be patient and wait for a solution, the developer can post a patch once it is ready
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:31:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmanu:</span> fundementally, if you're making a bug a duplicate, then it means 'there's another bug that someone is already working on that's the same'
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:31:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> I am assuming that if it is an enterprise bug SUSE will have to fix it anyways or give a technical expl why it cannot be done
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:32:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio_&gt;</span> Are there not enough bugs out there in the world
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:32:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> yes.. But you can duplicate it with Changes made on BZ
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:32:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmanu:</span> define those changes - and then you need to give me all the ammunition so I can persuade SUSE to change how they work and to change the tool :)
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:34:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> give me a second let me check
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:35:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> Well bugzilla has these things
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:35:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> Status and Resolution
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:35:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> You can easily use them
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:35:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> Status - In Progress
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:36:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> When it is Resolved you duplicate it
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:36:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> But it is a workable solution
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:37:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmanu:</span> it isn't, but I can see how from your perspective it might be. I will take this up with people internal at SUSE though
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:39:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> of course, tehre is also another answer - you can just ask the SUSE engineer who made your openSUSE bug a duplicate, of the status of the SLE bug
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:39:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> I've done that plenty of times..
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:39:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> and I've never not been given an answer...
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:40:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmanu&gt;</span> Well we can see
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:43:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Good discussion about the topic, some suggestions, but at the core, this requires SUSE to change how they work internally, so Richard to discuss inside SUSE</span>
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:43:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Richard to discuss options for making SLE bugs more publically visible within SUSE</span>
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:44:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> Next topic
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:44:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Tumbleweed</span>
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:44:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> I left this on the Agenda on purpose, because I figured some people might want to discuss the current status of Tumbleweed, it's OBS build targets, and such. Is there anyone who wants to talk about stuff?
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:47:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> No one has any feedback, questions, topics to discuss about Tumbleweed?
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:49:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> Okay then, any other topics?
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:49:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Any other Business?</span>
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:50:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> Last call.. anynone have any other topics for this Project meeting?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:51:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;plinnell&gt;</span> SCALE
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:51:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;plinnell&gt;</span> We can confirm openSUSE will have a mini summit at SCALE in Los Angeles Feb 2015
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:52:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> wait, there was a meeting, and are none suse members invited to contribute?
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:52:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE are planning to have a summit co-located with SCALE in Los Angeles in Feb 2015</span>
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:53:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> I do have some complaints about tumbleweed naming scheme
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:53:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> there is a meeting at 1500 UTC every 2nd Wednesday in this channel - https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:53:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> thanks, for that. I was unaware
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:53:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> and I dont know what yuo mean by 'non SUSE members' - openSUSE is a public open source project, everyone is allowed to contribute
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:53:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;plinnell&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> this has been long in the works... thanks to Drew Adams
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:53:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> we'd been doing these Project meetings for..oh, about 10 years now :)
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:53:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> I post the minutes to opensuse-project@ mailing list every fortnight even ;)
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:54:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> okay, let me reset the meeting topic back to tumbleweed
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:54:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Tumbleweed - Take 2</span>
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:54:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> what are you issues?
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:55:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> I understood that tumbleweed itself is a full distro, but there are some repositories that have both factory and tumbleweed directories.
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:55:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> This causes confusion
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:55:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> and then there are some with no tumbleweed directories, but only factory
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:55:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> when you say 'some repositories', what do you mean? the Tumbleweed distribution repositories are in http://download.opensuse.org/tumbleweed
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:55:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> example, games repository
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:56:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> if you're talking about OBS repositories - it's the resposibility of the maintainers of those projects to setup the repositories for their projects the way they want them
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:56:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> there needs to be consistency
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:58:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> there does, but OBS repositories are not centerally managaged. We have distributed maintainers. They have to set things up the way that works for them
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:59:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> You can see how it may be confusing for someone just moving to suse and wants to use the rolling release
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">16:00:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> Yes and no - first, we're openSUSE (the free and open source project that produces the openSUSE and Tumbleweed distributions), not SUSE (the corporation that produces SUSE Linux Enterprise and other paid-for products)
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">16:01:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> i am using suse and openSUSE here in this case
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">16:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> I mean, i am using suse to mean openSUSE
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">16:01:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> and while I'd love to be able to say that 'every OBS Project is currently setup and working right for use with Tumbleweed' - it's not, but the OBS Projects are setup by anyone and everyone who uses OBS. We dont centrally manage them, we don't centrally control them, we need our maintainers to do their job and set up their projects in the right way for the people they want to provide their packages for
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">16:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> While I understand that sentiment, there needs to be a little more structure
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">16:03:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> and how would you propose we impliment that? if you're willing to step up and help maintain some of these OBS Projects which you feel are configured 'wrong' right now, I'm sure the maintainers would appreciate the help
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">16:04:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> actually the mess is around the repository ... only d.o.o know what tumbleweed is, the other mirror are pointing to factory
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">16:04:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> hahaha, you don't want me to restructure openSUSE repos, there will be a lot of resistance and unhappy maintainers
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">16:04:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> if you setup d.o.o/tumbleweed the mirror will answer 404
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">16:05:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> d.o.o is how everyone should be getting their opensuse packages - thats why we have mirrorbrain
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">16:05:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> so please, don't complicate the issue, Cygnix's point is about OBS repos and nothign to do with mirrors
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">16:05:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> also even
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">16:06:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> sorry even after read the whole thread I still be totally confused about who's who and which repo are for between factory of obs factory dev and tumbleweed target
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">16:06:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> and your reaction to that suggestion kind of proves my point - we didn't want to make maintainers unhappy. So we've told them what they need to do. If the information is unclear I can help clarify it. But I dont think it's right for me, or anyone else to trample over maintainers - they need to make changes, and if you think they're not ,I suggest you contact them, or help them
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">16:07:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> Bruno, please be very clear. Are you now talking about the OBS repositories, or download.o.o?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">16:07:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> the point here is, rather the a user guessing whether factory means tumbleweed or vice versa, if we say factory is now actually tumbleweed, then let's ask each maintainer to rename the repo. it will help lessen confusion.
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">16:07:31 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">will just sat down until the trouble wind has pasted and we as packager and sometime repo maintainer have a clear vision about what we have to do, and setup it once for years.</span>
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">16:08:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> the point is, we've done that, the guidance for what maintainers should be doing is in the opensuse-factory mailinglist, and they need to do it.
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">16:08:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-factory/2014-11/msg00120.html
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">16:10:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> thanks for that, "Please do not build for both openSUSE:Factory snapshot and openSUE:Tumbleweed" this is essence was what I was asking.
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">16:11:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> the mail has been there for a week now. Clearly titled for OBS Project Maintainers, in the mailing list where they should all be reading
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">16:11:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> I am not subscribed to all mailing list.
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">16:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> I understand that, but opensuse-factory is really the one mailinglist probably every opensuse developer/contributor/maintainer should be subscribed to :)
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">16:13:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sysrich:</span> that being said, I also curious if many of the maintainers are not aware of that email.
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">16:13:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> maybe they're not, in which case, hopefully discussions like this help people notice it :)
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">16:14:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> but I do know the message got out to lots of maintainers - packman for example got their setup spot on in very quick time
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">16:14:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> hopefully within the next couple months it will all be worked out
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">16:14:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> in fact, they mostly figured out what to do before I'd figured out how to tell them what to do
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">16:15:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">If you're an OBS Project Maintainer, please make sure you've read http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-factory/2014-11/msg00120.html and setup your OBS Project accordingly</span>
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">16:16:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> Any other questions?
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">16:16:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> I am sure I have many others, but many for the next meeting.
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">16:16:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> maybe for the next meeting that is.
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">16:17:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> This meeting has already run long, so, yeah, I dont like to end discussions, but I only want to give time for one more question if there is one out there. Any takers?
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">16:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> Okay..I guess not
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">16:18:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Next Meeting</span>
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">16:18:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Next meeting will be on 26th November at 1500 UTC, See you think</span>
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">16:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> That's all who took part in the meeting
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">16:18:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sysrich&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
