=========================
#opensuse-artwork Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by bmwiedemann at 19:02:57 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-artwork/2011/opensuse-artwork.2011-12-06-19.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* 1. Team Get-To-Know  (bmwiedemann, 19:05:56)

* 1. Get to Know  (anditosan, 19:08:04)
  * anditosan is 54 today!  (suseROCKs, 19:08:39)
  * incorrect, I am 28. suseROCKs gets his age everywhere  (anditosan,
    19:09:04)

* Team Organization  (anditosan, 19:17:49)
  * for everyone who wants write access to the git repository, please
    just send an email to admin@opensuse.org  (yaloki, 19:20:50)
  * for everyone who wants write access to the git repository, please
    just send an email to admin@opensuse.org  (yaloki, 19:21:21)
  * discuss openSUSE release neutrality of artwork: depends on the
    purpose, and the issue can be alleviated with properly authored
    artwork (gimp layers, inkscape, ...)  (yaloki, 19:29:13)
  * we should fix the packaging of distro wallpapers: the additional
    ones are hidden away in a rarely used repository for 12.1  (yaloki,
    19:31:45)
  * investigate using github's issue ticketing for tracking of artwork
    tasks  (yaloki, 19:32:08)

* Skipping Anilities Assessment, we know that already. Interest
  Assessment  (anditosan, 19:33:30)
  * in this section, please state what type of design subjects interest
    you  (anditosan, 19:34:05)
  * we need to have a discussion (ML) about licensing the artwork, and
    which options we have (e.g. if we want some of the artwork to be
    usable only for openSUSE)  (yaloki, 19:38:27)
  * do we need clarification on the right to use the openSUSE trademarks
    ?  (yaloki, 19:39:15)

* Design Goals. Please state how do you envision openSUSE as a
  distribution that has good design and artwork. What do you see in it?
  (anditosan, 19:40:31)
  * need to clarify whether (tm) or (c) on trademarked artwork  (yaloki,
    19:44:00)
  * bear454  checks into flight to Bermuda triangle  (suseROCKs,
    19:47:41)

* jumping into Long Term Goals. Please state the ideal opensuse view
  from other people about our design. What do you think they would say
  about opensuse's design overall?  (anditosan, 19:48:45)
  * investigate using connect/ML/other projects to get wider feedback on
    Long Term Goals  (Ilmehtar, 19:53:39)

* QA  (anditosan, 19:56:54)
  * follow-up merging -artwork with either -project or -marketing IRC
    channel  (Ilmehtar, 20:16:46)
  * let's try to merge #opensuse-artwork with #opensuse-marketing, and
    see in a few weeks how it turns out, can always go back if it
    doesn't  (yaloki, 20:16:58)



Meeting ended at 20:34:02 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* yaloki (165)
* anditosan (108)
* marcus (77)
* Ilmehtar (66)
* jdd (50)
* manugupt1 (46)
* CarlosRibeiro_ (42)
* suseROCKs (36)
* subhashish (32)
* bmwiedemann (28)
* bear454 (18)
* warlordfff (6)
* bugbot (5)
* AlanClark (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4