<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-marketing log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">16:00:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">16:00:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Nov 30 16:00:54 2010 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">16:00:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">16:01:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">AJaeger</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">16:01:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AJaeger suseROCKs
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">16:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">jospoortvliet</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">16:01:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AJaeger jospoortvliet suseROCKs
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">16:01:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Alrighty folks, let's get this show on the road!
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">16:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So dearly beloved, we are all gathered here to further promote the great openSUSE Project
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">16:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> amen
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">16:03:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> First thing I would like to do is remind everyone that AJaeger will be on parental leave beginning Dec 14th
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">16:03:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So if there are any pressing matters you need his assistance on, speak up!
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">16:03:34 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">hides</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">16:03:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,  If you're around, is there anything you'd like to say on this matter?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">16:03:51 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">looks up AJaeger</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">16:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   just part your hair in the middle and you'll see him
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">16:04:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Mmmh - I look forward to come back after two months and see an even more outstanding marketing team! ;)
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">16:04:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> doesn't help, his chair is empty
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">16:04:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">16:04:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> Will it be possible to ask Jacqueline to join this channel ?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">16:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok, words to be inspired by.  You all heard it first here from AJaeger   Let's live up his dream!
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">16:05:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">psankar:</span> possible, yes, good idea even. aj, what do you think?
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">16:05:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> psankar +1
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">16:05:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> Since jospoortvliet will be online most of the times, we may not need her online but it will be good if she can.
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">16:05:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">psankar:</span> Yeah, should be.
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">16:05:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> okay. thanks.
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">16:05:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">Ask Jacqueline to be online in the Marketing Channel</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">16:05:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">psankar:</span> Send her a friendly email and invite her, please!
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">16:05:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> AJaeger aske you and her some promo stuff...
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">16:06:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> AJaeger, okay. sure thing. I shall do that . suseROCKs make it an AI on me.
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">16:06:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> action needs name :D psankar will say 'yes' now anytime...
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">16:06:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#undo</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">16:06:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Removing item from minutes: &lt;MeetBot.items.Action object at 0x1d5a950&gt;
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">16:06:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> said already :-)
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">16:06:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> (ok that was just a tad too late)
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">16:06:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">16:06:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> never answered
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">16:06:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> twice
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">16:06:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">psankar to extend a lovely invitation to Jacqueline to join us in the Marketing Channel</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">16:06:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">16:07:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> Please reply and I'll discuss tomorrow with her.
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">16:07:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok anything else on this matter of filling in AJaeger's big shoes?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">16:07:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> reply?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">16:07:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> just that we'll miss him...
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">16:07:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> reply to your email
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">16:07:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I replied
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">16:07:37 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">will miss you as well...</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">16:07:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> Again ;)
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">16:07:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">16:07:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">jospoortvliet and others to miss AJaeger during his absence.  This is a top-priority action item</span>
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">16:08:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> RTFL
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">16:08:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> make AJaeger t-shirt with we miss you
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">16:08:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Thanks for that!
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">16:08:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok next topic
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">16:08:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Marketing Team Meeting | Topic:  meeting schedule</span>
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">16:09:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So I'd like to take a minute to get some opinions here.     We have twice a month meetings.   Do we feel that is useful/productive for us?  Too frequent?  Just right?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">16:10:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> no its unproductive
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">16:10:37 </span><span class="nka">* psankar</span> <span class="ac">is missing most of the meetings these days due to personal issues and so cant comment :(</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">16:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> well some of you might know I often rather work via mail - but I have little right to talk, not been here for a while...
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">16:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I believe for now are just right but later we might could use some more
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">16:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Yes too frequent imo too
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">16:11:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> manugupt1: what do the meetings offer you that is hard to do otherwise?
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">16:11:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm leaning personally toward once a month meetings, but I fear if some people can't make it, its a long time to the next meeting date
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">16:11:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> I said unproductive not too often!
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">16:11:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> hello
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">16:11:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> find all people together when you remember something mostly
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">16:12:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> for me
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">16:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> at least
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">16:12:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> yes, that is a good point. But we often talk in all directions, some action items are created (but I feel they are not very often followed-up) etc
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">16:12:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   the problem is the meetings are becoming too stale these days and more focus needs to be on actual work (as Jos also points out)
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">16:12:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> warlordfff, that is there but in two weeks action items are not covered action items needs to be covered too
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">16:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">16:13:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> This is also relevant as we enter the holiday season and our time becomes stretched with other things until at least mid-January
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">16:13:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> we need to followup on action items and get them done - too often they get forgotten completely
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">16:13:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I can work both ways
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">16:13:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> arguments can help if you want to be heard, otherwise it doesn't help much to just say 'unproductive'. just fyi :D
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">16:13:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I think meetings can be like per 3 weeks basis and have time frames decided for actions
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">16:14:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   sure, but I don't think that action items and meetings have to go hand in hand
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">16:14:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> sure, we don't doubt that - but if the meetings provide real value we should keep them of course
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">16:14:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> the problem is not that we to often meet, the problem is the schedule is overfilled with stuff instead woring on one thing and bring it to an end
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">16:14:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> good point on timeframes
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">16:14:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> yeah they are probably filled with too much stuff sometimes.
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">16:14:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and discussions can be endless
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">16:15:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so let's take a quick straw poll right now...   Do we want more or less meetings?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">16:15:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> (at least with mail it's organized in threads - if you have a proper mail client of course)
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">16:15:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> less
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">16:15:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   you use Outlook too?  :-)
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">16:15:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> stupid question: Shouldn't the meetings be somehow related to the work flow and seasonal demands ?
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">16:15:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Less per 3 week meetings imo
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">16:16:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> nmarques,   sure, but these days we're having meetings just for meeting sake, and that is unproductive for many of us who have to juggle scheduling time
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">16:16:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">nmarques:</span> sounds sexy but what does it mean in real life... of course we wouls have more meetings if there is something to discuss. @gnokii I think it'd be good to have on-topic meetings sometimes
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">16:16:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   and those "on-topic meetings" are the collaboration days we will be talking about soon.    To me, Collaboration days will yield more fruits than our regular meetings
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">16:17:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, means that if you need a meeting you call for one... if you don't... then you don't call for one :)
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">16:17:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> anyway I believe we should have a meeting before 24/12
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">16:17:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> suseROCKs, +1 for that
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">16:17:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so here's my proposal:
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">16:18:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, there are times where you have more traffic then you might need more meetings and times when you don't have much traffic so you quite don't need so much meetings... Practical example: the 2 months before a release or so should be weekly meetings, while in the middle of a life cycle we won't have such a overkill on workflow
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">16:18:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We move to once-a-month meetings, and as such, we focus more on the discussions that come about on mail threads.   If there are specific needs for on-topic meetings, we will call them as needed.
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">16:18:43 </span><span class="nka">* gnokii</span> <span class="ac">hates maildiscussions</span>
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">16:18:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">nmarques:</span> yeah, we all understand that.
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">16:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> suseROCKs +1
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">16:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> for some things mail works better (you can and have to think about it) for others irc is better...
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">16:19:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> +1
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">16:19:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Yes.. one more thinkg suseROCKs we post our action and info items to the MLs after the meet so that everyone knows it and help if they wish to
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">16:19:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> +100
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">16:19:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> god one
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">16:19:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> would be good yes, at least for me
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">16:19:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> thats right never said that isnt so
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">16:19:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> (I use mail as todo)
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">16:19:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   yes.  and with less meetings, we'll be able to focus on more of those "administrative tasks" instead of spending so much time planning for a meeting
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">16:20:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so I'm seeing a general consensus for my proposal.
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">16:20:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and I propose 3rd Tuesday of every month henceforth  (starting in December)
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">16:21:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> Hi... for my experience less meeting make people less informed... after a month is more like vacations return
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">16:21:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> final ayes and nays before we move to next topic....
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">16:21:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> +1
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">16:21:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde_,   true.   But at the same time, there's more people on the mailing list than in the meeting channel.
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">16:22:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> suseROCKs yes
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">16:22:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> time is a problem
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">16:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> often times people in the community who do not participate on IRC accuse those of us in openSUSE channels of being part of a clique.   Our methods need to reach more broadly
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">16:22:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> for some
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">16:22:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yeah so we can and should keep ppl up to date there. (which does mean I should catch up hehe)
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">16:22:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> +1
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">16:22:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> sure, sometimes people can't be part of meetings but once a month is not that good
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">16:23:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde_,   okay.  So do you have a proposal for something different?  Or do you think it should stay at 2x a month?
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">16:24:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> I believe nmarques proposal is good... and also keep meeting page updated
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">16:24:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> for who ever reads it...
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">16:25:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">16:25:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span>  nmarques +1
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">16:25:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> I haven't made a proposal, just a remark :(
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">16:25:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but nmarques idea was nothing other than: do as many meetings as needed
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">16:25:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> But it is updated I saw it now izabelvalverde_
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">16:25:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> well +1 from me too
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">16:25:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> which is fine
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">16:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Let's be excellent with updating meetings page and informing the opensuse-marketing mailing list about what was discussed here - there will always be people that miss a meeting...
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">16:26:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so stick with the same 2x scheduling?
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">16:26:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> AJaeger, any way we can link the topic bot to a twitter account? :)
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">16:26:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Can I say something a bit different?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">16:26:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I propose: have meetings once a month, then if needed we do more
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">16:26:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> AJaeger, that would probably provide a good update for slackers like myself :)
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">16:26:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> seasonal... maybe just 1 for December
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">16:26:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> which we can discuss on ML :D
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">16:26:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   go for it
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">16:26:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> AJaeger, and you can retweet even for spreading the word :)
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">16:27:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">nmarques:</span> ontopic pls
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">16:27:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> 1 mmeting per month but if we have more than x subjects do more
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">16:27:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> aah ok that makes sense yes
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">16:27:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">nmarques:</span> No idea how to link topic to twitter...
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">16:27:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> yup
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">16:27:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> guys
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">16:27:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   that's kind of the direction we were going towards  :-)
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">16:27:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so do what all said
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">16:27:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> can I make a suggestion ?
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">16:27:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> before we close this topic ?
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">16:27:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">16:27:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> so how about we do a minimum of 1 per month, discuss EVERY meeting on the ML before to gather subjects and if there are many things to discuss we do meetings more often
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">16:28:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> even every week if we're busy :D
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">16:28:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> a meeting has usually 1 hour... why don't we get a wiki page and enter the topics... when we have topics for a meeting, then someone coordinates de meeting and makes it happen
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">16:28:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> that way we will need to visit often the wiki page (thus keep us more informed) and we will have as much meets as we need
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">16:28:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> practical example
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">16:29:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> Andreas needs 20 minutes for OBS related topic
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">16:29:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> he goes there and fills in it
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">16:29:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> nmarques,   there's only one minor flaw in that.  If someone has a topic that needs attention, he/she should just do it.  not wait until eventually a meeting finally comes around.
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">16:29:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> when we have like 50 mins of submissions... we make a meeting
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">16:29:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> wiki's don't work for things that change that often like this, I'd rather coordinate via ML - suseROCKs can keep track of things, after all he will have something to do then :D
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">16:29:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">nmarques:</span> plz dont make ur 50lines for explanation stuff
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">16:29:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> exactly jospoortvliet    This will help me to refocus on the organization of how we proceed henceforth
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">16:30:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,   let nmarques speak.   He's not overelaborating.
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">16:30:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> ok so how about that as a proposal. We all contribute things via the ML to discuss. suseROCKs keeps track of those things and organizes meetings as often as needed
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">16:30:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> minimum of 1 per mont
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">16:30:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yesssss
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">16:30:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Does everyone like that?
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">16:30:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> thats what I said
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">16:31:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I second that too
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">16:31:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> gooood :D
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">16:31:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde_,   as I value your organizational experiences.  Does the above proposal by jospoortvliet fit?
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">16:31:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> minimum of 1 per mounth +1
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">16:31:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Yes.. what about intended time frame for action items.. do we go with that too
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">16:32:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> nobody objects, silence is golden and such - izabelvalverde_ a yes from you makes this happen as far as i am concerned :D (agreeing with suseROCKs here)
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">16:32:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">16:32:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> I believe in any direction given by Jos but I don't belive discussions on ML since if we discuss there why have meeting here?
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">16:32:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> manugupt1 deadlines created to be broken ;-)
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">16:32:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> it simply depends on topic
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">16:32:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> if you can do it on ML, great. Some things just need irc meeting...
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">16:32:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> but sure at least 1 per month
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">16:32:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> izabelvalverde_, discutions on mailing are fun, they are recorded for posterity
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">16:33:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> izabelvalverde_, though they might trigger chaos and havoc as well :)
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">16:33:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> warlordfff, but that gives us an idea where the team stands too
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">16:33:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> nmarques when people answered ;-)
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">16:33:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   with the re-focus now,  it will be my duty to maintain the list of action items and push on them according to their reasonable timeframe of execution
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">16:33:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> manugupt1 yeah just meant that its not critical ,the time
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">16:33:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> Hello Mates. Sorry for being late
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">16:33:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> he, we should probably have the flexible rule (as nmarques rightly mentioned) that once a ML discussion becomes bigger than 10 mails it should be a meeting. suseROCKs feel free to use that rule and tell us to shut up at some point :D
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">16:34:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> good! I like this direction.
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">16:34:42 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">could never tell jospoortvliet to shut up.  he's scared to death of jospoortvliet</span>
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">16:34:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> didnt u see here becomes nearly every maildiscussion more then 10 mail because there want everyone something to say even it was said before
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">16:35:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so let's go with this proposal and see how it works over the next few months.  if it doesn't work, we can switch back to our old schedule.
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">16:35:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> this proposal discussion is closed now
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">16:35:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> good rule jospoortvliet but maybe 3 replies per person :D
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">16:35:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, nice rule. reminds me of sankar's_law=&gt;http://psankar.blogspot.com/2009/08/most-wanted-feature.html
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">16:35:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> psankar, I wsa reminded of that too :)
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">16:35:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> manugupt1, :-)
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">16:36:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs to reschedule meetings fo 1x a month minimum with additional meetings as needed and on-topic.  Workflow to be extracted from mailing list discussions.  Action items to be closely monitored and managed by suseROCKs</span>
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">16:36:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">16:36:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok next topic
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">16:36:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Marketing Team Meeting | Collaboration Days</span>
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">16:37:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Okay, so as we've been discussing lately, we're planning to have Collaboration Days on Mondays in December.
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">16:37:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> meant to do WORK :D
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">16:37:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> (just because I like saying that)
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">16:37:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and quite timely this topic...  it relates to the "on-topic" meetings we alluded to in the last topic
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">16:37:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so after discussion with several people, we have the following proposed Collaboration Days schedule
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">16:38:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">6-December-2010:</span> Ambassador Collaboration Day
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">16:38:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">13-December-2010:</span> Marketing Materials day
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">16:38:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">20-December-2010:</span> PR and Social Media Day
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">16:38:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh I should probably mention the moderators for each day  :-D
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">16:38:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I have a question about something
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">16:38:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 6th - warlordfff and CarlosRibeiro
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">16:39:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> fine
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">16:39:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 13th = lupinstein and suseROCKs
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">16:39:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 20th = manugupt1 and jospoortvliet
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">16:39:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> to you and everyone: if you have a question, ASK or don't ask. Don't ask if you can ask a question, it creates fuzz and hard to follow discussion. and when someone is doing a list, like suseROCKs was just doing, please wait.
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">16:39:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I have to present some /geeko casemoding and the usb geeko,what day I should do that since is both ambassador and marketing stuff?
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">16:39:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> lupinstein/terrorpup so there no confusion.
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">16:40:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> do it on ambassador
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">16:40:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> or by mail to both :D
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">16:40:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> jospoortvliet soory ;-)
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">16:40:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> np
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">16:40:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Each moderator group is responsible to plan out the day and set a direction for the day's events.
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">16:40:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> This should be a WORK day, not a yappy day!
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">16:41:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but work is FUN, that's why opensuse is fun :D
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">16:41:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   Its too early to be brown-nosing for a raise.  :-)
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">16:41:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> manugupt1 and jospoortvliet could be in other day?
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">16:41:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. to add on 20th I am not sure because I will be reaching home on 20th itself and am not sure if I will have immediate access to internet at home so if I am not jos will be the only moderator
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">16:41:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span>  I have something in my mind that I believe will be good for the Ambassador Collaboration Day, then we can talk in more details later what do you think?
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">16:41:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro sure
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">16:42:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> here or private
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">16:42:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   that's why we have co-moderators  :-)
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">16:42:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">16:42:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> CarlosRibeiro yea discuss ideas in teams in private or here but not during meeting :D
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">16:42:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> as "one day" is not 8 hours in this international community
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">16:42:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> we can discuss it, we could secretly move it to tuesday if needed ;-)
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">16:42:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> 20th is a bad day
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">16:42:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde_,   other eday.   other than 20th?
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">16:42:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> just mail me heeh
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">16:42:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> 24th izabelvalverde_
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">16:43:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> 25th how about that :D
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">16:43:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> :) sure
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">16:43:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> for me better than 20th :D
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">16:43:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> forget the family and presents and food, just WORK!
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">16:43:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">16:43:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">16:43:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> have fun!!!
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">16:43:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> you're all nuts
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">16:43:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">16:43:46 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">wants a grouphug now</span>
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">16:43:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeahhhhh we are
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">16:43:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I have no problem with moving to a different day.   It's more up to the moderators.   There s no rigid rule for it being on Monday, only that in last meeting everyone supported a regular Monday schedule
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">16:44:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ok back to sane things, manugupt1 and me will come up with a better day if 20 is bad
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">16:44:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> probably 21 or 22
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">16:44:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> yes..
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">16:44:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and no it won't be on christmas, my family would butcher me instead of the chicken if I did that
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">16:44:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   it can even be the week before.  just don't cram up all our Collaboration Days next to each other or we'll burn each other out quickly
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">16:44:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> jos you can decide the date...
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">16:44:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> the whole week is complicated... final week work
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">16:44:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> nah one day of work should work :D
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">16:44:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, I believe in Nederlands it's a turkey ;)
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">16:44:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> per week
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">16:45:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">nmarques:</span> actually both, my parents have a chicken and a turkey. Not an US turkey (like 150 KG) but a small one :D
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">16:45:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ok back on topic, so it seems we all like the idea of collaboration days
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">16:45:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> anyone against it or against the schedule?
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">16:45:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> jospoortvliet manugupt1 14th to 17th is better :-)
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">16:46:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  so warlordfff and CarlosRibeiro   can you both create your abstract for the day and I'll post an announcement broadly about our Collaboration days very soon?
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">16:46:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> No way iza I will be attending FOSS.in
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">16:46:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">16:46:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">16:46:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> don't be sorry :D
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">16:46:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">16:46:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> just smile
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">16:46:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  sure
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">16:46:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">16:46:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> manugupt1,   I see no reason not to ask FOSS.in to postpone their conference.   Its not an unreasonable request
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">16:46:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yeah good point
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">16:46:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> let's do that ;-)
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">16:47:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ok let's close this topic until we go completely bazonka and talk bullshit for the rest of the day...
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">16:47:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> got more to do...
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">16:47:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> yes suseROCKs jospoortvliet if you were attending that I could have asked them ;)
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">16:47:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">16:47:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok topic is closed!
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">16:48:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so we have a couple more items:   Status of Marketing Jobs and Action Items,  both of which are "permanant items" on our agenda
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">16:48:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> as we are now re-organizing how we run these meetings, I propose we set these two aside while I review both topics indepth this week and if there's anything pressing, I shall poke you all on the ML or directly
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">16:49:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> you all cool beans with that?
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">16:49:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">16:49:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">16:49:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">16:50:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok then we're on our last topic and still 10 mins left in the hour....  not baaaaaad!   Congrats folks!
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">16:50:07 </span><span class="nka">* nmarques</span> <span class="ac">nods</span>
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">16:50:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Marketing Team Meeting | Topic:  Miscellaneous and Q&amp;A</span>
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">16:50:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ok this is an open floor topic.   If there's things you need to bring up or have questions about... now's your time to type away!
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">16:51:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> Why are there not much photoes from osc10 ?
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">16:51:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Is the promodvds@opensuse.org started working
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">16:51:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> please upload all your photoes.
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">16:51:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> psankar,  cuz my camera got stolen.  Didja have to remind me of that?  :-P
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">16:51:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> suseROCKs, :-)
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">16:52:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> goes the trademark back to SUSE or stays it on Novell, ask because have to write that now
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">16:52:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> psankar,   that's actually a good topic to cover in the Social Media collab day.   jospoortvliet manugupt1  can you make note of that  "How to get more photos visible, etc."
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">16:53:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> gnokii, afaik, all trademarks belong to Atachmate Corporation.
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">16:53:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we should make something like an open gallery
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">16:53:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> suseROCKs  could you guys send me that picture that we get just after our Ambassador meeting in last day of latinoware
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">16:53:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the trademark stays the same in the same control under the Board until any further announcements.  At this time, we have no news about trademark changes
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">16:53:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> promodvds@o.o starts working
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">16:53:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> and add phtos  of events
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">16:53:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  jospoortvliet  I would like to use that one for my article about latinoware
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">16:54:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   I'll send it to you this afternoon
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">16:54:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> Attachmate signed already?
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">16:54:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> u are really funny, take a promo DVD and read that u are not the man for the trademark ^^
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">16:54:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> If you do artwork now, it is (C) Novell. The attachmate deal is not closed and as such is not in effect.
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">16:54:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> thank you AJaeger2
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">16:54:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger2:</span> the artwork is used at release date
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">16:54:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> review my article, add things to it, then I will send you the pic ;-)
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">16:54:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> Signed the intent but the deal is not closed.
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">16:54:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> Nobody knows when the deal closes ;-(
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">16:54:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,    The board is assigned as the caretaker of the trademark, even if it is owned by Novell.   Questions on the trademark issues should be directed to the board directly.    This is not new news to you.
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">16:55:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span>  ok
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">16:55:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> So, if you create artwork before the closing, just use (C) Novell.
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">16:55:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> he, I love you :D
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">16:55:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> thx AJaeger2 thats the answer what I want
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">16:55:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger2&gt;</span> Novell will continue as company and we'll handle that as soon as we have new guidance on that.
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">16:56:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> hopefull when SUSE is SUSE again maybe there will be some new job opening.
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">16:56:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> I hope
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">16:56:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> let's hope!
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">16:56:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">16:56:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> so AJaeger2 I can also write that openSUSE is an Novell sponsored project :D
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">16:56:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> okay, any other questions?
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">16:56:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> they might need ppl, or lay off ppl - or nothing changes, nobody knows guys &amp; girls :D
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">16:57:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> yes but also sponsored by others like openSLX...
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">16:57:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> lupinstein, careers.novell.com already allows you to apply iirc
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">16:57:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde_&gt;</span> Jos all my prayers still for Novell ;)
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">16:57:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> anyway just go ahead it's a complicated thing anyway
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">16:57:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> Just in case I don't get to talk to you over the next month, Happy Holidays.
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">16:57:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> suseROCKs, no questions, just a heads up
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">16:57:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> Yes, openSUSE has at the meoment Novell as main sponsor.
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">16:57:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde_:</span> he, it will be split up so you will have to choose who to pray for :D
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">16:57:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> nmarques,   give us your h ead
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">16:57:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> lupinstein, you have a collab day to head :)
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">16:57:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> suseROCKs, on the 11th December we are joining the Portuguese people, present and past related to openSUSE
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">16:57:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> ah that sentence I can let out but the trademark sentence not
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">16:57:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> how are we going with openSUSE foundation? any updates?
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">16:58:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> For legal reasons: Write exactly the same text you would have written two weeks ago and ignore attachmate for now - until the deal is closed.
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">16:58:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> suseROCKs, we are going to explore the possibility of joining and growing in an Iberian perspective alongside with our brothers from Spain
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">16:58:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> and what about the strategy?
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">16:58:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> foundation is a topic for the project meeting
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">16:58:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   that's not a marketing quesiton.  Ask it during project or board meeting tomorrow
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">16:58:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> suseROCKs, and picking up our ambassadors :)
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">16:58:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span>  AJaeger2  ok
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">16:58:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> suseROCKs, I would assume in the future, Portugal and Spain openSUSE wise will merge into an Iberian zone
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">16:58:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> warlordfff,   Same on strategy...  Ask in tmw's meeting  :-)
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">16:58:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> suseROCKs, working together to promote openSUSE on the Iberian Peninsula
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">16:59:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> nmarques,   That's very good to hear.    We look forward to hearing more about that, and if you need anything let us or the Ambassador Team know about it
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">16:59:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> suseROCKs, javier_ proposed it and talked to congoncalves
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">17:00:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> suseROCKs, we will check our concerns on the 11th of December
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">17:00:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> more power to you guys!
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">17:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> suseROCKs, power corrupts even the purest of souls
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">17:00:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> suseROCKs, power for the people ;) not for us
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">17:00:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> now now... don't get all Machiavellian on me
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">17:01:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> power to the people yeah
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">17:01:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Power as in energy not power as in control  :-)
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">17:01:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but please don't wet your fingers and stick it into an electrical outlet for more power!
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">17:01:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  I guess we can wrap up now
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">17:01:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> power as the power to make changes
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">17:02:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;nmarques&gt;</span> suseROCKs, nice... I brought Machiavelli to openSUSE ;P.... now we can't fail
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">17:02:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> hahahaha
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">17:02:46 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">closes meeting and goes to re-read "The Prince"</span>
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">17:02:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> nmarques +`100
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">17:03:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thank you everyone.  Glad we covered some good stuff today.   Let's get busy in December!
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">17:03:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
