<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-marketing Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-marketing Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by suseROCKs at 15:03:55 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-marketing.2010-06-15-15.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">OBS Post Mortem</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2010-06-15-15.03.log.html#l-16'>suseROCKs</a>, 15:08:39)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting in progress | Topic - OBS Post Mortem</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2010-06-15-15.03.log.html#l-17'>suseROCKs</a>, 15:09:04)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting in progress | Topic - openSUSE Conference</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2010-06-15-15.03.log.html#l-71'>suseROCKs</a>, 15:23:53)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE marketing team Meeting in progress | Topic - Debugging</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2010-06-15-15.03.log.html#l-109'>suseROCKs</a>, 15:38:26)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting in progress | Topic - 11.3 Release</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2010-06-15-15.03.log.html#l-133'>suseROCKs</a>, 15:44:57)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing/Team/11_3_Launch">http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing/Team/11_3_Launch</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2010-06-15-15.03.log.html#l-135'>michl</a>,
    15:45:09)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">suseROCKs and
    wstephenson_gdn  to ping Desktop Environmetn Teams to offer sneak
    peeks</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2010-06-15-15.03.log.html#l-242'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:11:04)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">AJaeger and
    wstephenson_gdn to be co-coordinators of social media</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2010-06-15-15.03.log.html#l-278'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:17:10)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">suseROCKs and
    manugupt1 to coordinate presentations</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2010-06-15-15.03.log.html#l-291'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:20:57)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://www.goodbye-dots.de/">http://www.goodbye-dots.de/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2010-06-15-15.03.log.html#l-391'>gnokii__</a>,
    16:50:52)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 17:00:33 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-marketing.2010-06-15-15.03.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs and wstephenson_gdn  to ping Desktop Environmetn Teams to offer sneak peeks</li>
  <li>AJaeger and wstephenson_gdn to be co-coordinators of social media</li>
  <li>suseROCKs and manugupt1 to coordinate presentations</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> AJaeger <ol>
    <li>AJaeger and wstephenson_gdn to be co-coordinators of social media</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> manugupt1 <ol>
    <li>suseROCKs and manugupt1 to coordinate presentations</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> suseROCKs <ol>
    <li>suseROCKs and wstephenson_gdn  to ping Desktop Environmetn Teams to offer sneak peeks</li>
    <li>suseROCKs and manugupt1 to coordinate presentations</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> wstephenson_gdn <ol>
    <li>suseROCKs and wstephenson_gdn  to ping Desktop Environmetn Teams to offer sneak peeks</li>
    <li>AJaeger and wstephenson_gdn to be co-coordinators of social media</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs (142)</li>
  <li>michl (110)</li>
  <li>wstephenson_gdn (53)</li>
  <li>AJaeger (52)</li>
  <li>gnokii__ (40)</li>
  <li>saigkill (18)</li>
  <li>bugbot (3)</li>
  <li>Bille (3)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (2)</li>
  <li>saigkill_1 (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
