15:06:00 <suseROCKs> #startmeeting
15:06:00 <bugbot> Meeting started Tue Jun 29 15:06:00 2010 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
15:06:00 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
15:06:02 <terrorpup> Question, when will DVD for 11.3 be ready
15:06:14 <terrorpup> I got a party line up, July 15th
15:06:30 <AJaeger> terrorpup: Let's handle that after the meeting
15:06:48 <terrorpup> Cool, thanks AJ.
15:06:49 <suseROCKs> terrorpup,   Pressed DVD's probably won't be ready by that time.
15:06:54 <gnokii> terrorpup then u forget to send me a mail
15:07:12 <terrorpup> I will send you one today. :-)
15:07:28 <terrorpup> I just got a place to hold the party.
15:07:43 <suseROCKs> #topic Marketing Team Meeting in Progress | Agenda http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing_Team/Meetings/Marketing_Meeting_2010-06-29
15:08:17 <suseROCKs> Okay, before we hit the agenda, I want to notify you that we have received notice that Ohio Linux Fest has extended its deadline for CFP one week until July 7th.
15:08:48 <suseROCKs> I think I will probably go to OLF, but would like to know if there's anyone else here interested in going, and perhaps handle a booth.
15:09:02 <suseROCKs> OLF is September 10-12 this year
15:09:14 <gnokii> suseROCKs: little bit funny but u should not c&p the line from last meeting with the days for CfP because tehre are not 45 days now
15:09:34 <suseROCKs> ok fine
15:10:01 <SJ> so lets begin folks
15:10:30 <suseROCKs> I'll modify it now...
15:10:32 <terrorpup> I might be there, I have to get the funds.
15:10:46 <terrorpup> I want to do a couple talks
15:11:17 <suseROCKs> What kind of funds are you in need of?
15:12:01 <terrorpup> traveling
15:12:36 <terrorpup> my work offers grants and I am trying to get one
15:13:01 <suseROCKs> oh that's cool.
15:13:13 <suseROCKs> let me know what you can find out and we'll try to work something out together.
15:13:35 <terrorpup> :-) will do
15:13:35 <suseROCKs> terrorpup,  but go ahead and submit your proposals to OLF and we can deal with funds afterwards since there's only 1 week left
15:13:52 <terrorpup> ok
15:14:16 <suseROCKs> its very cheap for me to get to Columbus, so I just probably need someone to split costs with hotel room, that's all.
15:14:24 <AJaeger> Note that the Novell funds are all targetted at the openSUSE conference now - so we've used all our (hidden) buffers.
15:14:41 <suseROCKs> http://www.ohiolinux.org/node/674
15:15:09 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   Right.  Basically by funding, I was thinking of pooling together rather than putting hand out to Novell.  :-)
15:15:25 <suseROCKs> ok on to topic #1
15:15:36 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Glad to hear - and I heard noone asking for Novell, just wanted to mention it ;)
15:15:57 <suseROCKs> #topic Marketing Team Meeting in Progress | Agenda http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing_Team/Meetings/Marketing_Meeting_2010-06-29 | Topic: openSUSE Conference
15:16:16 <suseROCKs> gnokii,   Is there anything new we need to be aware of about conference?
15:16:56 * michl just got LinuxNewMedia as media partner
15:17:09 <gnokii> of course suseROCKs u should join the linkedin event and share the conference on fb with ur friends
15:17:22 <michl> so LinuxMagazin will give us 2 ads and they will be at the conference
15:17:33 <SJ> awesome !
15:17:37 <michl> plus they offer us to do one moderation if needed
15:18:03 <gnokii> michl do u know who would that be?
15:18:12 <michl> gnokii: yes
15:18:32 <michl> gnokii: do you wanna know ? ;-)
15:18:33 <gnokii> hilzinger or magnus?
15:18:46 <michl> Joerg Luther
15:18:48 <suseROCKs> gnokii,   I posted an announcement on LinkedIn.   Those who follow the openSUSE group should have received announcement emails
15:19:26 <gnokii> ok
15:19:32 <terrorpup> is that the same the suse group? or is the suse group more focus to SLE?
15:20:02 <suseROCKs> terrorpup,  The only group I think I'm aware of is the openSUSE Users and Contributors group on LinkedIn
15:20:29 <SJ> there are others , but thats the one with max members :-)
15:20:33 <suseROCKs> michl,  Anything we need to do on our end for LNM?  What do they want to be fed?
15:20:50 <terrorpup> http://www.linkedin.com/groups?mostPopular=&gid=145239
15:21:06 <michl> we feed them with the program
15:21:14 <gnokii> michl half or full page?
15:21:15 <terrorpup> suseROCKS: SUSE Linux Users Group
15:21:22 <AJaeger> http://www.linkedin.com/groups?mostPopular=&gid=61388
15:21:32 <AJaeger> called "openSUSE Contributors and Users"
15:21:47 <suseROCKs> If that's the case, then I guess I need to look at all the LinkedIn groups and figure out how to coordinate between them all.   I've only focused on the one I mentioned and thought that was all there was.  I don't spend much time on Linked In
15:22:44 <SJ> neither do I . I joined it because of the event and invite others :-)
15:23:13 <suseROCKs> michl,   so nothing for us to do with LNM until Program Committee is finished, right?
15:23:19 <terrorpup> Guys I didn't know about the openSUSE one, I just joined. :-)
15:23:28 * AJaeger just approved terrorpub ;)
15:23:39 * suseROCKs will approve terrorpup's join request shortly  :-)
15:23:43 <suseROCKs> oh,  AJaeger beat me to it!
15:23:47 <michl> suseROCKs: I invitet them to come up with ideas for cfp - will see if they come up with any
15:24:10 <suseROCKs> michl,   You mean ideas for promoting the CFP or to sign up for CFP?
15:24:32 <michl> topics to covers
15:24:53 <suseROCKs> ok
15:25:14 <suseROCKs> Anything else on Conference before we move on to 11.3?
15:25:18 <gnokii> michl does rlihm ads or should I do it?
15:25:44 <michl> gnokii: rlihm probably will do them but just ping him and ask
15:26:06 <suseROCKs> actually that pops in my mind a question to gnokii.   gnokii,  just curious.  With jimmac departing, how does that change things for the artwork team?
15:26:14 <gnokii> so have to give him the logo svg
15:27:04 <gnokii> that need a only meeting to say that, the problem with art team is it was keep out of distro graphics
15:27:31 <suseROCKs> ok, just curious.  Thanks.
15:27:39 <AJaeger> now is the time to recreate the art team IMHO
15:27:46 <SJ> +1
15:28:10 <suseROCKs> I think its a great way to grow the community if the community has more influence on distro artwork.   so +1 from me too
15:28:33 <suseROCKs> Alrighty next topic:
15:28:39 <suseROCKs> Marketing Team Meeting in Progress | Agenda http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing_Team/Meetings/Marketing_Meeting_2010-06-29 | Topic:  11.3 Release
15:29:05 <gnokii> AJaeger: +1
15:29:41 <suseROCKs> How is everyone doing with their tasks?   (I need to make some additions in the list at http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing/Team/11_3_Launch)
15:30:30 <SJ> I got a concept for Promotional Video . But I guess it would take a long time to be ready .
15:30:31 <suseROCKs> Ahh I see michl  has created the highlights page.  Now manugupt1 and I can get to work on slides
15:30:54 <michl> suseROCKs: AJaeger did, of course
15:31:13 * suseROCKs pats AJaeger
15:31:23 <AJaeger> Needs still some more work...
15:31:37 * suseROCKs sends a 11.2 openSUSE DVD free-of-charge to AJaeger for his contribution
15:31:48 * AJaeger just put LXDE with Andrea on it
15:31:59 * AJaeger feels honored
15:32:15 <suseROCKs> PSankar has volunteered to work this weekend on GNOME Sneak Peek
15:32:28 <suseROCKs> he was working on some magazine article last weekend and needed to finish that first.
15:32:31 <gnokii> michl I put a mail this week on marketing list for collecting the addresses from ambassadors who like to have a package
15:32:41 <suseROCKs> not sure if billie has pinged KDE team yet
15:33:48 <suseROCKs> Social Media is Will and AJ....  anything we need to know about there?
15:34:07 <suseROCKs> Are we finding out there's more accounts out there than we know what to do with?  :-)
15:34:45 * AJaeger needs to sync with will this week desperatley
15:35:23 * suseROCKs funds AJaeger for travel expenses to Will's office
15:35:40 * SJ has to leave . ! Will catch you all later . ciao :-)
15:35:54 <suseROCKs> SJ,  send us an update about what you have in mind with video  okay?
15:36:06 <SJ> suseROCKs, to the ML ?
15:36:35 <suseROCKs> sure
15:36:39 <SJ> okay !
15:36:55 <suseROCKs> gnokii,  has been handling information regarding launch parties and I think he's doing great motivation there
15:37:09 <suseROCKs> People really enjoyed his article about how to set up launch parties.
15:37:30 <gnokii> yeah because of the grammar
15:38:28 <suseROCKs> but the message got across.  So kudos to you!
15:38:56 <suseROCKs> Any other comments about 11.3?    manugupt1 and I definitely need to get busy this week.
15:39:18 <suseROCKs> and I have to draft up the PR release and show you all before I leave town which is (eeeeeps!) July 14th!
15:39:57 <suseROCKs> Ok here's what I'm going to do from now until release time....  (with exception of holidays this weekend)
15:40:24 <suseROCKs> I am going to make myself present here in this channel every day at 14:00 UTC and anyone who wants to join me working on 11.3 stuff  I'm here
15:40:39 <suseROCKs> Every day one hour guaranteed time with 11.3 from me.
15:40:45 <suseROCKs> Cool, everyone?
15:41:25 <suseROCKs> well I guess not cool with paka.  :-)
15:41:40 <suseROCKs> ok we'll move on to next topic then
15:41:49 <CarlosRibeiro> suseROCKs counts with me presence
15:42:13 <suseROCKs> CarlosRibeiro,   ok that's 11 a.m. your timie each day.   :-)
15:42:33 <suseROCKs> CarlosRibeiro,   and look at http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing/Team/11_3_Launch to see if there's anything you can do or add to it.
15:42:41 <AJaeger> Cool
15:43:23 <suseROCKs> #topic Marketing Team Meeting in Progress | Agenda http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing_Team/Meetings/Marketing_Meeting_2010-06-29 | Topic: Ambassadorship
15:43:41 <gnokii> ooh ooh
15:43:50 <suseROCKs> I need to step away for 2 minutes, but gnokii   if you want to start this topic, go ahead
15:44:41 <gnokii> but I didnt put this on the schedule, I can say something about. But really there is more to do
15:46:05 * suseROCKs is back
15:46:08 <AJaeger> gnokii: Go ahead!
15:46:25 <suseROCKs> yes go ahead,  Want to hear your thoughts about state of Ambassadorship  and how we can improve it.
15:48:02 <gnokii> the state, after the last clean up there are much new ambassadors without a mail address on her user page, there are lot with mail addresses I always get a DEAMN back, so its not really funny to work with
15:48:45 <suseROCKs> How many do we have on the list now  (active and inactive) ?
15:49:50 <gnokii> when u me tell what is active and what inactive, we have arround 150 on the list, active I can only guess maybe 20 or 30
15:50:22 <terrorpup> how are you going to find out who is active or not?
15:50:53 <javier_> I organised the ambassador event page by continent... and now it's by country once again. it has the sort feature which is nice but still
15:51:01 <suseROCKs> terrorpup,   I think gnokii is trying to figure that out now.   He sent email this week asking ambassadors to respond.
15:51:09 <gnokii> that I said I can only guess, it isnt usus to talk a lot of what they do, thats one of the problems
15:51:39 <terrorpup> wow, I don't remember see that e-mail. whoops.
15:51:53 <AJaeger> We need somebody to organize the ambassadors - improve the rules, talk with them, create a real team etc...
15:52:09 <gnokii> I can only write them all and wait for answers, some telling me what they are doing some did recognize the mail and tell me later after another mail they doing something
15:52:09 <AJaeger> motivate them, share what works etc
15:52:12 <suseROCKs> yes we need to cultivate and hear what they are doing and what their needs are
15:52:44 * suseROCKs wonders what incentives we can use for them
15:53:09 <javier_> isn't saigkill the ambassador team leader?
15:53:11 <manugupt1> I have an idea... We can ask them to tell us about their events have a rule something like an event on openSUSE or just linux year should be done by the ambassador and send pics... otherewise cleanup them...and if the reposrts are good enough we can give them an email id .. as someone on the ML said..
15:53:15 * AJaeger is thinking that it's bad that anybody can say "I want to be an ambassador" without any mentorship
15:53:21 <gnokii> AJaeger: +1 thats the only what we can do now, but we should retarting to make it so easy to get on the list, second for some special regions like India we need a special program an leader
15:53:37 <javier_> AJaeger: +1
15:53:48 <javier_> some people don't even introduce themselves
15:53:53 <javier_> they just put their name on the wiki
15:53:57 <AJaeger> javier_: Right now, the webpage contains a link to the ambassador leader
15:54:07 <gnokii> javier_:  introducion was a can, not a must
15:54:08 <AJaeger> ... and that links goes to myself
15:54:10 <terrorpup> Did we have coorinator for north, south, emae
15:54:20 <suseROCKs> maybe instead of letting people add their names to the list, they should fill out a form or send an email to Ambassador coordinator and get "interviewed"?
15:54:21 <AJaeger> I was very surprised when I found that link ;-(
15:54:43 <terrorpup> +1 suseROCKs
15:54:45 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: right now most send me an email
15:54:50 <javier_> gnokii: I know. what I mean is that it needs to be a bit organised
15:54:51 <AJaeger> So, yeah, I could interview.
15:55:03 <gnokii> suseROCKs: the mail to the ambassador lead is after the rules necessary ask AJaeger at moment he get lot of mails
15:55:25 <terrorpup> who is the ambassador lead?
15:55:39 <AJaeger> terrorpub: Somebody told me that it's me - the link goes to me.
15:55:47 <gnokii> AJaeger: right now :D
15:55:57 <AJaeger> terrorpup: AFAIK it went to Zonker first and then somebody changed it to me
15:56:08 * AJaeger would like to pass on the honour ;)
15:56:26 <gnokii> yeah I did it after I asked u who it doing u or michl
15:57:06 <terrorpup> ah, the community manager is the same the ambassador lead, gotcha
15:57:22 <terrorpup> did they ever hire a new community manager?
15:57:23 * AJaeger proposes to have a special "ambassador" meeting after the 11.3 launch
15:57:33 <terrorpup> sorry don't mean to side track the meeting.
15:57:47 <AJaeger> terrorpup: That was in the past - for the future anybody can become it
15:57:54 <suseROCKs> gnokii,   Yes but what I'm saying is people should not just add their names to list.  That seems to cause more confusion and more work for you.
15:57:54 <suseROCKs> I want to keep the bar low for potential ambassadors but I want at least SOMEONE here to engage in a conversation with them so they know what the job means
15:57:54 <suseROCKs> but AJaeger   Do you want to handle all that?  You have so much on your plate.  (Admires and pities AJaeger)
15:57:56 <suseROCKs> the other question we have to answer which I don't think we addressed enough last time...
15:57:56 <suseROCKs> How do we give people who are doing events around 11.3 launch early access to 11.3?   Do we want to do that?
15:58:12 <terrorpup> I have some thought on the ambassador program.
15:58:33 <suseROCKs> whoa... I just had rollup of 10 posts here...  was there a lag for anyone else?
15:58:36 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Ok, I will engage with them for now - and will start collecting ideas on the program.
15:58:41 <AJaeger> terrorpup: Please send me an email
15:58:51 <gnokii> I would write protect the page and would make the rule write first, to the lead, prepare ur user page and after that the lead set u on the list
15:59:17 <AJaeger> terrorpup: We're finalizing the hiring of the community manager right now
15:59:23 <gnokii> so u make sure u have the mail address for communicating
15:59:31 <AJaeger> gnokii: Good idea
15:59:41 <terrorpup> yea, I know hear from Zonker, bit sad I didn't get it. Oh, well.
15:59:49 * AJaeger should have fulll wiki rights ;)
16:00:01 <terrorpup> will send you one later.
16:00:05 <javier_> so, we'll have a suprise... new community manager
16:00:18 <javier_> :)
16:00:45 <gnokii> so I get the job? :D
16:00:57 <gnokii> hears suseROCKs and many other cry
16:00:58 <AJaeger> javier_: champagner is cold already
16:01:33 * AJaeger will not comment on who it is
16:01:40 <javier_> :D
16:01:52 <suseROCKs> yes AJaeger   We don't want people to know yet that we hired Steve ballmer
16:01:58 <suseROCKs> oops,  did I reveal too much?
16:02:05 <javier_> of course, a suprise is a surprise. don't tell anybody ;)
16:03:12 * terrorpup hopes next time he can get it. :)
16:03:50 <tigerfoot> suseROCKs: no you didn't do that ? :-)
16:04:09 <tigerfoot> suseROCKs: no you didn't do that ? :-)
16:04:23 * tigerfoot send patch -SB CEO
16:05:19 <suseROCKs> ok now that I seem to be back from IRC Blackhole...
16:05:22 <AJaeger> coming back to a question suseROCKs asked: We can give ambassadors early acccess to the DVDs.
16:05:41 <suseROCKs> via download, right?
16:05:46 <AJaeger> gnokii: If I get a list of people doing launch events, I can send them a link
16:06:01 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: yes, just a private link
16:06:25 <terrorpup> Anyone in the US know of a service that can burn them cheap? It takes a while to burn dvd.
16:06:27 <suseROCKs> what is the earliest date this private link will be available to ambassadors?
16:06:29 <AJaeger> I would do that on Monday,  12th
16:06:48 <suseROCKs> terrorpup,   how many you need?
16:06:54 <gnokii> AJaeger: there is a list in the wiki
16:06:56 <AJaeger> Perhaps already on the 11th
16:07:05 <terrorpup> I about 50
16:07:38 * suseROCKs wishes he still had acccess to the mutli-DVD burner  :-(
16:07:56 <terrorpup> but it takes me about a week with 4 computer to burn that many :(
16:08:15 <gnokii> for the media we should make next release a other planning, the problem is most doing event 23th and  there isnt possible to have medias
16:08:17 <suseROCKs> terrorpup,   how about we split in half and I burn 25 for you and send to you?
16:09:36 <terrorpup> that sounds cool.
16:09:38 <suseROCKs> ok to summarize on this topic:
16:09:41 <AJaeger> terrorpup: you can burn cds as well
16:09:52 <suseROCKs> 1)  We will hold special Ambassadorship meeting after 11.3 release
16:10:08 <terrorpup> AJaeger: True
16:10:08 <suseROCKs> 2) Gnokii will try to whittle down the list of active vs. inactive
16:10:28 <suseROCKs> 3) AJaeger will send links to valid people for early downloads
16:10:59 <suseROCKs> gnokii,   One request:   Please put the non-responders in a separate list somewhere.  Don't just delete them.
16:11:22 <AJaeger> or mark them
16:11:41 <suseROCKs> yes.    Because I want us to have a chance to further review and see if we can revive them with CPR or something.  :-)
16:11:47 <gnokii> I always mark them give them time then comment them out ;)
16:11:53 <suseROCKs> or a defibrillator.  :-)
16:12:06 <CarlosRibeiro> which list of ambassadors we are talking about http://wiki.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Ambassadors_list or http://en.opensuse.org/Ambassador/List
16:12:08 <AJaeger> gnokii:  cool!
16:12:31 <gnokii> the old one CarlosRibeiro
16:12:45 <terrorpup> Maybe we can have a list of volunteers that just want to work tables that the ambassador can call on for help?
16:13:05 <suseROCKs> terrorpup,   Let's save that for the Ambassador meeting.
16:13:20 <terrorpup> ;) no problem
16:13:23 <CarlosRibeiro> gnokii_ thanks ;-)
16:13:28 <AJaeger> terrorpup: Put that in your email so that it does not get lost ;)
16:13:44 <suseROCKs> ok I'm going to close this topic and then we can open floor for any new topics or close
16:13:47 <terrorpup> It's there.
16:14:11 <suseROCKs> #topic Marketing Team Meeting in Progress | Agenda http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing_Team/Meetings/Marketing_Meeting_2010-06-29 | Topic: Additional Topics?
16:14:49 <suseROCKs> Going once....
16:14:53 <suseROCKs> Going twice...
16:14:57 <terrorpup> This might not be a topic, but I have a general question
16:15:02 <suseROCKs> shoot!
16:15:06 <terrorpup> is there a calendar that we share
16:15:33 <terrorpup> one that sends out reminder or anything like that
16:15:47 <gnokii> there is a .ics or what do u mean?
16:15:57 <suseROCKs> yes we have news.opensuse.org calendar and I need to take better care of that
16:16:09 <suseROCKs> and you can subscribe to it via your mail client
16:16:23 <terrorpup> like google calendar or php calendar
16:16:48 <terrorpup> ok thanks
16:16:56 <suseROCKs> terrorpup,  that one on news should do it.  And I have it synced to my google account so I get the reminders on my Droid as well.
16:17:01 <AJaeger> news.o.o has an ics file, include it in google calendar
16:17:32 <terrorpup> that my question thanks guys.
16:17:46 <suseROCKs> What else, folks?
16:17:53 * SJ is back
16:18:18 <suseROCKs> Ok I guess we have no new topics then...
16:18:20 <suseROCKs> Going once...
16:18:24 <suseROCKs> Going twice....
16:18:33 <suseROCKs> Going twice.5
16:18:44 <suseROCKs> Going thrice....
16:18:44 <AJaeger> suseROCKs:
16:18:50 <AJaeger> I have no further questions
16:18:52 <suseROCKs> uh oh...
16:19:09 * suseROCKs slaps AJaeger for making him think he had a new topic at the last second.... and closes the meeting!
16:19:20 <suseROCKs> #endmeeting