<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-marketing Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-marketing Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by suseROCKs at 16:00:54 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-marketing.2010-11-30-16.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">psankar to
    extend a lovely invitation to Jacqueline to join us in the Marketing
    Channel</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2010-11-30-16.00.log.html#l-39'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:06:32)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">jospoortvliet
    and others to miss AJaeger during his absence.  This is a
    top-priority action item</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2010-11-30-16.00.log.html#l-50'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:07:56)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Marketing Team Meeting | Topic:  meeting schedule</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2010-11-30-16.00.log.html#l-55'>suseROCKs</a>, 16:08:57)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">suseROCKs to
    reschedule meetings fo 1x a month minimum with additional meetings
    as needed and on-topic.  Workflow to be extracted from mailing list
    discussions.  Action items to be closely monitored and managed by
    suseROCKs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-marketing.2010-11-30-16.00.log.html#l-202'>suseROCKs</a>,
    16:36:08)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Marketing Team Meeting | Collaboration Days</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2010-11-30-16.00.log.html#l-205'>suseROCKs</a>, 16:36:42)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Marketing Team Meeting | Topic:  Miscellaneous and Q&amp;A</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-marketing.2010-11-30-16.00.log.html#l-296'>suseROCKs</a>, 16:50:19)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 17:03:12 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-marketing.2010-11-30-16.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>psankar to extend a lovely invitation to Jacqueline to join us in the Marketing Channel</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet and others to miss AJaeger during his absence.  This is a top-priority action item</li>
  <li>suseROCKs to reschedule meetings fo 1x a month minimum with additional meetings as needed and on-topic.  Workflow to be extracted from mailing list discussions.  Action items to be closely monitored and managed by suseROCKs</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> AJaeger <ol>
    <li>jospoortvliet and others to miss AJaeger during his absence.  This is a top-priority action item</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> jospoortvliet <ol>
    <li>jospoortvliet and others to miss AJaeger during his absence.  This is a top-priority action item</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> psankar <ol>
    <li>psankar to extend a lovely invitation to Jacqueline to join us in the Marketing Channel</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> suseROCKs <ol>
    <li>suseROCKs to reschedule meetings fo 1x a month minimum with additional meetings as needed and on-topic.  Workflow to be extracted from mailing list discussions.  Action items to be closely monitored and managed by suseROCKs</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>suseROCKs (97)</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet (84)</li>
  <li>warlordfff (43)</li>
  <li>nmarques (32)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (21)</li>
  <li>izabelvalverde_ (20)</li>
  <li>gnokii (15)</li>
  <li>psankar (15)</li>
  <li>AJaeger (13)</li>
  <li>CarlosRibeiro (13)</li>
  <li>AJaeger2 (9)</li>
  <li>lupinstein (6)</li>
  <li>bugbot (5)</li>
  <li>saigkill (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
