15:38:02 <AJaeger> #startmeeting openSUSE Marketing Meeting
15:38:07 <AJaeger> #topic  Wiki reorganization
15:38:11 <AJaeger> #note the first topic is not in the minute since the meeting bot joined only afterwards
15:38:20 <AJaeger> sorry guys - now we're set
15:38:21 <suseROCKs> the Resources category basically should link to resources elsewhere.   Not all resources we have will be under Marketing
15:38:23 <SJ> gnokii_, just have a look at the page http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing/wiki . Its mentioned under the category Resources .
15:38:42 <SJ> suseROCKs, yes only Marketing related resources (sorry for not mentioning that)
15:38:54 <SJ> a layout of the categories -
15:39:01 <SJ> 1.  Events
15:39:01 <SJ> 1. Internal
15:39:01 <SJ> 2. External
15:39:01 <SJ> 2. Resources
15:39:01 <SJ> 1. Presentations
15:39:02 <SJ> 2. Artwork
15:39:04 <SJ> 3. SocNet
15:39:06 <SJ> 4. Ambassadors
15:39:08 <SJ> 5. LUG's
15:39:10 <SJ> 3. Team
15:39:12 <SJ> 1. Meetings
15:39:14 <SJ> 2. Strategies
15:39:16 <SJ> 1. Release Strategies
15:39:18 <SJ> 2. Internal Project
15:39:20 <SJ> 3. Announcements
15:39:22 <SJ> 3. Online Accounts
15:39:24 <SJ> so that things are clear with all.
15:39:56 <SJ> After all the pages are listed . There would be a call for volunteers
15:39:56 * suseROCKs adds 2 minutes to this topic due to meetbot confusion
15:40:04 <SJ> suseROCKs, thank you
15:40:34 <SJ> here I have already taken the AI to improvise and make the Portal as it should look like .
15:40:51 <SJ> So now anyone has any opinions,comments or feedback or blah :-)
15:40:53 <SJ> ?
15:41:12 <suseROCKs> so let's quickly agree (or disagree) on the proposed organizational categories for our new wiki pages
15:41:24 <suseROCKs> then subsequently (even after migration) we can focus on page cleanup
15:41:43 <suseROCKs> but SJ needs agreement because migration will happen on June 1st whether we like it or not.  :-)
15:41:51 <SJ> yeah
15:41:52 <CarlosRibeiro> agree
15:42:03 <wstephenson> SJ: shouldn't the Team tree come first?
15:42:20 <SJ> wstephenson, yes .
15:42:23 <wstephenson> and is the top level Marketing page a portal for new contribs?
15:42:41 <SJ> this is stil WIP:-)
15:42:51 <wstephenson> afaik the marketing wiki should do 2 things
15:42:57 <wstephenson> be a useful resource for current contribs
15:43:00 <SJ> wstephenson, the Portal:marketing is the welcome and entry page
15:43:02 <suseROCKs> wstephenson,  Its for all things marketing related.  Not just for contribs  but also where people go to grab resources and information
15:43:18 <SJ> in short complete marketing databse
15:43:24 <wstephenson> and an amazingly powerful tractor beam for people who want to start doing opensuse promo
15:43:42 <suseROCKs> :-)
15:43:46 <SJ> yes the resources would do that job in majority :-)
15:43:48 <suseROCKs> ok  time's up on the topic
15:43:49 <SJ> suseROCKs, One thing I stumbled upon is the naming part (I guess we can discuss it later , would take around 5 min)
15:43:58 <CarlosRibeiro> I'm not completly agree about that wsephenson told us, I think the contents and articles and other stafs is more important than Team Tree
15:43:59 <SJ> thanks all :-)
15:44:34 <suseROCKs> SJ,   bring this up on ML for general discussion,  its important everyone agrees that the new structure makes sense or everyone will feel lost  :-)
15:44:42 <SJ> I was about to make the change what wstephenson told , but I was not well the entire day . So couldnt do it
15:44:44 <CarlosRibeiro> of course team tree is important but people will go there for the contents first
15:44:44 <wstephenson> CarlosRibeiro: i don't just mean the Team as in the list of people but the stuff underneath Team in that tree
15:44:50 <suseROCKs> ok and now on to our main topic for the remainder of the meeting time!
15:45:00 <SJ> suseROCKs, ok
15:45:03 <wstephenson> meaning the contents about "this is how we do marketing for opensuse"
15:45:05 <CarlosRibeiro> ok
15:45:07 <CarlosRibeiro> sorry
15:45:22 <wstephenson> then the Events and Resources are things we can use to implement that strategy
15:45:25 <suseROCKs> #topic Kickoff of 11.3 Release Strategy discussions
15:45:44 <suseROCKs> ahh  #topic isn't behaving  :-/
15:45:49 <suseROCKs> #topic Kickoff of 11.3 Release Strategy discussions
15:46:05 <SJ> it is , it just doest notify you :-)
15:46:11 <SJ> I guess*
15:46:23 <suseROCKs> ok  so  as we all know we have about 2 months before 11.3 is released.  and that's our biggest project for marketing team coming up
15:47:06 <SJ> yes
15:47:07 <AJaeger> #chair suseROCKs
15:47:17 <suseROCKs> gnokii_,  has already started some of the major legwork by discussing ambassadors and launch parties
15:47:17 <AJaeger> suseROCKs: Try again with the topic, please!
15:47:26 <suseROCKs> #topic Kickoff of 11.3 Release Strategy discussions
15:47:28 <suseROCKs> yaaay!
15:48:29 <suseROCKs> so, I'd like to see initially, what everyone has in mind that they want to do for 11.3 campaign
15:48:53 <suseROCKs> I would also like to see if anyone is awake now...
15:49:01 <psankar_> i am awake now
15:49:11 <gnokii_> first mr. saigkill would announce in the next OWN to make Launch Parties
15:49:17 * The_Code tries to stay awake ;)
15:49:29 * SJ is partially awake
15:49:47 <suseROCKs> gnokii_,   is that planned or are you suggesting saigkill_ to do that?
15:50:34 <gnokii_> I suggest it her and now
15:50:40 <suseROCKs> ok
15:51:07 <suseROCKs> well saigkill_ isn't here right now, so we'll have to talk to him later about it.
15:51:37 <suseROCKs> #action gnokii_ to speak to saigkill_ about OWN articles on Launch Parties
15:52:19 <suseROCKs> gnokii_,   What about ambassadors.   Anything happening there so far?
15:52:36 <CarlosRibeiro> I think we could do something related with worldcup soccer. WorldCup is a BIG market opportunity that we could explore.  I dno'nt know how but if we think together maybe we can find out how to explore it .
15:53:27 <SJ> CarlosRibeiro, sounds good . I too have almost something similar to mention :-)
15:53:28 <wstephenson> CarlosRibeiro: we send you to streak across the pitch wearing only opensuse shorts?
15:53:33 <suseROCKs> CarlosRibeiro,   that's a possibility.  And that should be discussed as we build our strategy statement.   But right now, I want to catch up on gnokii_'s efforts.
15:53:44 <SJ> ok
15:53:52 <CarlosRibeiro> ok
15:54:05 <suseROCKs> #action  CarlosRibeiro to streak across the pitch
15:54:30 <suseROCKs> ok so let's move on
15:54:46 <suseROCKs> we need to set up a strategy team to plan out the 11.3 Release campaign
15:55:03 <suseROCKs> and CarlosRibeiro  I suggest you to be part of it somehow
15:56:08 <gnokii_> we have to preech to the ambassadors to make launch parties and second some guys have to be a example for them
15:57:03 <suseROCKs> I'm not taking the bait gnokii_
15:57:37 <suseROCKs> so any more volunteers for the strategy planning?  We need to get to work ASAP on this.
15:57:50 <SJ> yes , I would like to volunteer for this
15:58:04 <suseROCKs> SJ,   first finish up the wiki stuff  :-)
15:58:15 <suseROCKs> and you have other AI's too.  I don't want to burn you out  :-)
15:58:23 <SJ> suseROCKs, yeah ok :-)
15:58:44 <SJ> Well I had plans to get in association with some NGO's around . I know it sounds crazy .but I wanted to give it shot. To know more why I feel so , you can refer here- http://shayonj.wordpress.com/2010/05/05/part-2-marketing-the-other-way-or-the-highway/ (Please note:I am not trying to publicize my blog , just a link in general)
15:58:56 <SJ> Just a note * :-)
15:59:21 <suseROCKs> SJ,   if you feel you can reach out to people and organizations and make a connection, its never crazy.
15:59:36 <SJ> Great , thanks :D
16:00:17 <SJ> I am working on it , so if anything come up (good news) , I'll let everyone know about it
16:00:27 <suseROCKs> ok I guess we don't have any further volunteers for the 11.3 release.
16:00:35 * wstephenson volunteers
16:00:43 <suseROCKs> #action suseROCKs to plan 11.3 release strategy pages
16:00:49 <suseROCKs> wstephenson,   wunderbra!
16:00:57 * SJ wants to but suseROCKs really kicks hard and polite :D
16:01:07 <SJ> politely *
16:01:23 <suseROCKs> SJ,   there will still be opportunities for you, but just get your other AI's out of the way and then you have more energy for 11.3
16:01:38 <SJ> suseROCKs, hehe , yes :D
16:02:22 <suseROCKs> Alrighty,  I think we're all waning right now anyways, so let's go ahead and wrap up the meeting and I'll start the 11.3 strategy draft and we'll figure out when to meet again soon to get the ball rolling at high speed
16:02:28 <gnokii_> wstephenson volunteers for visiting my launch partie?
16:02:54 <SJ> suseROCKs, that means not 2nd june ?
16:03:15 <wstephenson> gnokii_: i'm a bit constrained regarding travel this summer, but i can hatch some plans to send other boosters in
16:03:17 <suseROCKs> SJ,   2nd june?  About?
16:03:32 <SJ> suseROCKs,  the next meeting , we are going to meet right /
16:03:36 <suseROCKs> oh
16:03:45 <SJ> or 1st * .
16:03:56 <suseROCKs> the next meeting is June 1st  and that reminds me,  I won't be in June 1st meeting cuz I'll be on a plane flying out of Nuremberg
16:04:30 <suseROCKs> So one of you will have to volunteer to run that meeting, but even so, we still must have 11.3 group meetings before that time
16:04:44 <SJ> ok
16:04:53 <suseROCKs> like what AJaeger and I did couple of times for OBS strategy planning
16:05:29 <suseROCKs> ok so let's wrap up now and I'll get the page going this afternoon and let you all know its ready
16:05:39 <suseROCKs> (even though I know its nighttime for some of you already and afternoon is over heh)
16:05:44 <SJ> ok
16:05:46 <wstephenson> SJ: let's talk tomorrow then
16:05:56 <SJ> wstephenson, sure :D
16:05:57 <suseROCKs> Anything else anyone wants to discuss before we close up?
16:06:28 <SJ> nope
16:06:31 <suseROCKs> 3...
16:06:33 <suseROCKs> 2...
16:06:41 <suseROCKs> 1.75.....
16:06:52 <suseROCKs> 1.18....
16:06:53 <SJ> nope
16:06:56 <suseROCKs> 0
16:07:03 <suseROCKs> #endmeeting