15:01:34 <suseROCKs> #startmeeting "openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting 07-Sept-2010"
15:01:34 <bugbot> Meeting started Tue Sep  7 15:01:34 2010 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
15:01:34 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
15:01:36 <gnokii> yaloki: u are my hero how to bind in openSUSE repos in ubuntu?
15:01:54 <suseROCKs> #topic "Welcome to openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting"
15:02:30 <suseROCKs> Okay guys, we are going to have a shortened agenda today because there are particular topics that have high priority given our current timing
15:02:44 <suseROCKs> So... here's our agenda
15:02:51 <suseROCKs> 1.  Conference Marketing
15:03:02 <suseROCKs> 2. Ambassador discussions
15:03:21 <suseROCKs> 3.  Additional time remaining can be on other topics if we have any left
15:03:27 <suseROCKs> So let's begin!
15:03:44 <suseROCKs> #topic openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting | Topic: Conference Marketing
15:04:15 <suseROCKs> Alrighty, so the topic is Conference Marketing....  Particularly, some of us are getting a bit nervous because we have not yet done any real active marketing and we are only weeks away from the event
15:04:39 <jospoortvliet> so now an first article is being finished
15:04:40 <gnokii> who are some?
15:04:46 <jospoortvliet> to go on news.opensuse,.org
15:04:49 <suseROCKs> We held back because we were awaiting final program announcement, but I think we can't wait any longer for that and need to go full steam ahead
15:04:51 <jospoortvliet> some includes me :d
15:04:57 <suseROCKs> me
15:05:07 <gnokii> that are two not some
15:05:08 <yaloki> me too
15:05:16 <suseROCKs> 3 = some  :-)
15:05:18 <gnokii> ok now are some
15:05:30 <jospoortvliet> http://piratepad.net/wJ2WiNfp7X
15:05:42 <yaloki> to put it bluntly, from my experience, it's already way too late
15:05:49 <jospoortvliet> ack
15:06:04 <javier_> bb
15:06:06 <gnokii> I made last weekend the schedule
15:06:06 * javier_ has to leave :(
15:06:25 <suseROCKs> has a registration module been implemented yet?
15:06:41 <yaloki> jospoortvliet: nice
15:06:45 <yaloki> but I'm a bit puzzled
15:06:48 <gnokii> thats a question for dragotin or darix not for me
15:07:02 <suseROCKs> darix,   Are you around?
15:07:03 <yaloki> I was actually always assuming that the main purpose of the openSUSE conference was.. well.. openSUSE
15:07:03 <darix> gnokii: for dragotin
15:07:06 <darix> not for me
15:07:17 <suseROCKs> ok is dragotin within reach that he can answer that question?
15:07:56 <yaloki> well one way (we have a final schedule) or not (we don't)
15:08:02 <yaloki> marketing is needed ASAP
15:08:09 <gnokii> suseROCKs: I think not but I can say he worte yesterday a mail to cfp that its included in the system we use, but I dont knwo why u ask it because have nothing to do with marketing
15:08:24 <yaloki> gnokii: it has to do with the conference
15:08:33 <yaloki> if there is no registration module now, we're in trouble
15:08:33 * AJaeger just pinged dragotin
15:08:40 <gnokii> why yaloki?
15:09:08 <gnokii> I think michl is in trouble but not marketing team
15:09:10 <yaloki> gnokii: people have to book flights/train and hotel
15:09:11 <suseROCKs> gnokii,    if there's no registration in place, and we broadcast through marketing to come to the conference, and they arrive at our website and find no registration, we may not get them back when reg is up
15:09:27 <yaloki> and.. yes, as suseROCKs just said
15:09:33 <gnokii> yaloki what have the registration module to do with travel of particpiants?
15:09:41 <suseROCKs> gnokii,   "trouble"   We're not looking for scapegoats here.  We just need to figure out what we have available in our hands now so we can move forward
15:09:50 <yaloki> it is possible, but more difficult, to do marketing for the conf now if people can't register
15:10:32 <darix> if i can say something
15:10:34 <darix> the app is working
15:10:37 <gnokii> sorry but registration isnt really the importenst thing is a nice to have
15:10:46 <darix> and we will move it to conference.opensuse.org today/tomorrow
15:10:49 <suseROCKs> gnokii,   Several people have already pm'ed me in last week..  "How do I register?  I need to make plans but don't know yet if I can register"
15:10:55 <darix> (opening ticket to move dns)
15:11:01 <yaloki> darix: excellent, thanks
15:11:12 <suseROCKs> Thanks darix
15:11:13 <yaloki> is registration mandatory ?
15:11:21 <darix> http://conference.opensu.se/indico/index.py
15:11:22 <gnokii> suseROCKs: I dont interested in ur PM, I know a lot of events I havent to register for
15:11:52 <suseROCKs> gnokii,    Quit arguing.   We asked a very simple question:  Is reg in place yet?  That's all we asked.
15:12:08 <gnokii> but thats not the point one for marketing issue
15:12:15 <suseROCKs> we are trying to figure out what pieces we have available to us now so we can move forward at full steam with what we can in marketing team
15:12:33 <yaloki> is the registration required? or just for information?
15:12:44 <suseROCKs> yaloki,  last year it was "required"
15:12:53 <suseROCKs> this year,  not sure.
15:13:05 <yaloki> gnokii: do you know whether you must register?
15:13:11 <gnokii> it wasnt required
15:13:22 <gnokii> there was a lot of ppl there they didnt
15:13:52 <AJaeger> we need to count how many people are there - for payment reasons
15:13:57 <suseROCKs> it was required.   Zonker got on my case about it when I didn't register til last minute.  And it was needed in order to properly prepare the giveaway supply
15:14:10 <AJaeger> the registration was good enough - some didn't show up, others that did not register showed up ;)
15:14:32 <gnokii> ooh because of that michl has me given the whole year suse conference shirts for the events?
15:14:34 <suseROCKs> right, and right now, we don't even have a headcount of how many will show up
15:15:05 <yaloki> suseROCKs: doesn't really matter at this point
15:15:13 <suseROCKs> yaloki,   i agree
15:15:29 <suseROCKs> ok so here's what we know....
15:15:36 <suseROCKs> 1) Reg will be available tomorrow
15:15:38 <gnokii> AJaeger: but the point is, a registration isnt from interest for marketing right now
15:16:00 <yaloki> gnokii: again, it is important because if registration is required, we cannot do announcements about the conference
15:16:15 <AJaeger> gnokii, I agree, we should discuss the details of the organizational details at a separate meeting.
15:16:15 <suseROCKs> gnokii,   You're not getting what we're pointing out.    Let me try again...
15:16:21 <gnokii> yaloki: who says is needed?
15:16:45 <AJaeger> suseROCKs, please list those points that need handling and inform michl and dragotin about them so that they can take actions.
15:16:47 <gnokii> only suseROCKs says it becaus zonker reminded him to register
15:17:15 <suseROCKs> gnokii,   All we asked here and today is to know what is available so that when we market we can say to people  :   "Hey, we have openSUSE conf!  here's where you can go.... and you point to whatever information"   it is the 'whatever information I'm asking so the more knowledge we have the better we can plan ahead
15:17:46 <yaloki> ok, so, we don't even know whether registration is required
15:17:52 <yaloki> it is certainly desired
15:18:02 <suseROCKs> so... back to point 1:
15:18:14 <AJaeger> yaloki, it's desired - and everybody should register.  But people can plan to come without registration first
15:18:17 <gnokii> suseROCKs: when that is ur first problem a registration form then u have definitly a problem I go to conference for the program not for a registration form
15:18:21 <suseROCKs> How do we move forward with marketing plan?   jospoortvliet has a few things listed
15:18:29 <jospoortvliet> Ok and let's please stop that discussion about registration and indeed move
15:18:31 <jospoortvliet> on
15:18:40 <jospoortvliet> I have a call right now as well making it a bit hard to stay involved
15:18:47 <jospoortvliet> esp if there is lots of discussion about useless things
15:18:49 <jospoortvliet> :(
15:18:52 <yaloki> yeah
15:18:58 <gnokii> yeah
15:19:01 <suseROCKs> gnokii,   LISTEN!!!!!  ONE last time... I only asked for what resources are currently available.  THAT"S IT!!!    I never said "we can't move on without reg"
15:19:08 <jospoortvliet> ok
15:19:11 <jospoortvliet> noted, let's move on
15:19:13 <yaloki> gnokii: you're the guy with the pointless discussions
15:19:14 <jospoortvliet> the marketing plan
15:19:22 <gnokii> no I am not
15:19:26 <jospoortvliet> ok enough guys come on
15:19:33 <jospoortvliet> just blame me
15:19:36 <jospoortvliet> ;-)
15:19:44 <suseROCKs> back to point 1:  Let's look at jospoortvliet's piratepad
15:20:13 <jospoortvliet> that article needs a wee bit polishing and can go live
15:20:15 <jospoortvliet> it's just one thing
15:20:20 <jospoortvliet> but we need to try and get regular articles out
15:20:26 <jospoortvliet> and get other sites to pick them up
15:20:35 <yaloki> IMHO "to shape opensuse" should be on top of the list
15:20:53 <yaloki> it's really really late for sites to pick it up
15:21:00 <jospoortvliet> yep
15:21:31 <yaloki> what we do at FOSDEM is making interviews of speakers
15:21:36 <jospoortvliet> yep
15:21:40 <yaloki> and push those out every week or so
15:21:41 <jospoortvliet> I noted that in a mail to promo
15:21:48 <yaloki> that makes marketing for the event by itself
15:21:53 <jospoortvliet> we should get articles out about the topic of the conference
15:21:56 <yaloki> because many sites like to pick up the intervies
15:22:00 <suseROCKs> ok so this document is meant for news.o.o, correct?
15:22:05 <jospoortvliet> yep
15:22:27 <suseROCKs> and weekly interviews with speakers is a good idea... or even weekly "sneak preview of topics"
15:22:27 <jospoortvliet> and it should get a bit about strategy
15:22:41 <yaloki> suseROCKs: but it's too late for that IMO
15:22:42 <jospoortvliet> fitting in wht what yaloki said - 'shaping openSUSE'
15:22:53 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: better late than never
15:22:54 <suseROCKs> yaloki,   but we can't just sit around and do nothing either.
15:22:57 <jospoortvliet> we can do at least some
15:23:32 <jospoortvliet> so who feels like taking this on
15:23:43 <jospoortvliet> as in - finding peeps to contact writers and writing
15:23:45 <jospoortvliet> ?
15:23:55 <jospoortvliet> you can crowdsource it like the doc I did
15:23:58 * gnokii better not say who sitting always
15:24:03 <jospoortvliet> on piratepad -worked quite well
15:24:19 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   How about if we come up with a quick and easy outline of weekly topics and then invite the team to grabbag different topics to drive?
15:24:44 <yaloki> http://conference.opensu.se/indico/contributionListDisplay.py?confId=0
15:24:45 <jospoortvliet> topics = list of speakers and their topics I would say
15:24:52 <yaloki> has a list of current talks, I guess they're confirmed
15:24:52 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,  yes
15:25:01 <jospoortvliet> once that is out we can simply ask if anyone wants to know more about those topics'
15:25:11 <jospoortvliet> he/she can then contact the speaker and ask for more...
15:25:26 <jospoortvliet> and write about that
15:25:41 <jospoortvliet> not too difficult...
15:25:41 <yaloki> well you have to come up with a list of questions on the topic
15:25:48 <jospoortvliet> sure
15:25:55 <jospoortvliet> but some can do that, some can't
15:26:04 <jospoortvliet> those who can't can ask on marketing list
15:26:19 <jospoortvliet> we just need someone to drive this
15:26:25 <gnokii> jospoortvliet: what u talking about?
15:26:42 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   the problem right now of "can" or "can't" is preceded by  "unknown"  as in, most of us are unaware of who exactly is speaking at the conference and what topics have been approved, etc.    I'm not aware of whether this is published yet
15:26:43 <jospoortvliet> write articles about the topics for the conference
15:26:57 <yaloki> has to be started really soonish though. you need some time to come up with good questions, poke the speaker, give that person some time to answer, ..
15:27:06 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: it's not but we can start once that is public
15:27:12 <yaloki> suseROCKs: http://conference.opensu.se/indico/contributionListDisplay.py?confId=0
15:27:16 <jospoortvliet> and I bet gnokii can already give some hints
15:27:22 <yaloki> suseROCKs: I'm assuming that stuff is confirmed
15:27:37 <yaloki> and since we can't get any information, let's just assume :)
15:27:49 <suseROCKs> yaloki,   right
15:28:39 <yaloki> doing it in piratepad is actually a good idea
15:28:53 <jospoortvliet> so nobody wants to push this?
15:28:58 <yaloki> that way, if you know the topic, you can improvise half of the questions anyway
15:29:03 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: sure
15:29:15 <yaloki> I seriously can't take any AIs atm
15:29:23 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   Now that I see *something* with that link yaloki  gave, I'll drive the piratepad to list weekly topics that we can all grabbag
15:29:23 <jospoortvliet> ok I'll do it
15:29:41 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: great! tnx
15:30:12 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: don't plan topics per week, just list all topics and announce it - see if anyone is interested in any of them
15:30:22 <yaloki> yup
15:30:23 <suseROCKs> and will disseminate email to the team ML by COB today
15:30:32 <jospoortvliet> each speaker has send in a bio and a description so that's a beginning...
15:30:37 <yaloki> once we have interviews, we can still decide on when to publish what
15:30:44 <suseROCKs> right, my thinking is, if we happen to ahve more than one topic per week, that would be even greater  :-)
15:30:57 <jospoortvliet> yep and I wouldn't go too interview-style, more on-topic, more on content of the talk
15:31:06 <jospoortvliet> and not every talk has to be covered only the intresting ones
15:31:16 <jospoortvliet> most readers prefer content over interview/personal stuff
15:31:24 <yaloki> right
15:31:27 <suseROCKs> exactly
15:31:44 <suseROCKs> and frankly, if we can write interesting articles rather than chasing down speakers to interview, that saves us a lot more time
15:31:53 <yaloki> um
15:32:00 <yaloki> suseROCKs: I think we still need to poke the speakers
15:32:18 <jospoortvliet> again see my mail from yesterday :D
15:32:21 <suseROCKs> yaloki,   yes but its not absolute either.   We can have it both ways
15:32:23 <yaloki> at least, I can't just figure out what they'd talk about just with a title
15:32:40 <jospoortvliet> gnokii: : don't they have send in a description?
15:32:46 <jospoortvliet> is that available somewhere?
15:32:54 <yaloki> abstracts and bios are not in that web UI
15:34:17 <gnokii> jospoortvliet: some did some not
15:34:29 <yaloki> as usual :)
15:34:43 <yaloki> gnokii: sounds like any conference :)
15:34:45 <jospoortvliet> well those that did will be easier to talk about hehe
15:35:02 <suseROCKs> how can we access those background info?
15:35:13 <gnokii> instead of talking about doing interviews I would prefer to make other things first, but its only my meaning and so dont listen to me
15:35:14 <jospoortvliet> gnokii: those you do have, for those who are confirmed speakers, can you send it to suseROCKs
15:35:21 <jospoortvliet> gnokii: like what?
15:36:03 <gnokii> like ur article I dont heard what are the pois of the conf, I mean noone questioned it
15:36:18 <jospoortvliet> pois?
15:36:25 <gnokii> point of interest
15:36:30 <jospoortvliet> aah ok
15:36:39 <jospoortvliet> yes, there is a bit in there but it's mostly teaser of course
15:36:39 <yaloki> ?
15:36:50 <jospoortvliet> so there should be more specific stuff once the schedule is published
15:36:55 <jospoortvliet> this is good enough for now
15:36:57 <gnokii> jospoortvliet: yes but u can bring some big points in it!
15:37:05 <jospoortvliet> gnokii: like?
15:37:08 <jospoortvliet> the strategy stuff?
15:37:19 <jospoortvliet> point is that I want this to go online asap - say today or tomorrow
15:37:21 <yaloki> what's a "point of interest" ?
15:37:25 <jospoortvliet> details can come with the announcement of the program
15:37:27 <yaloki> jospoortvliet: ack
15:37:35 <yaloki> need to get the word out asap
15:37:43 <gnokii> like goOO/OOo sidetrack, like Education track, like LPI exams, like some speakers
15:37:43 <yaloki> actually, it's really not a problem to publish more details later
15:37:47 <yaloki> the more posts about it, the better
15:37:58 <jospoortvliet> gnokii: there is some teasers in there for some of those
15:38:02 <jospoortvliet> but yes, little details
15:38:05 <jospoortvliet> again, can go later
15:38:06 <yaloki> gnokii: that's even better to publish one later
15:38:07 <jospoortvliet> anything is good :D
15:38:11 <yaloki> err, "later"
15:38:26 <jospoortvliet> ok so what else can/must we do other than these articles?
15:38:32 <jospoortvliet> ideas, brainstorm mode pls
15:38:43 <yaloki> contact linux news sites ?
15:38:44 <jospoortvliet> we need more than a few articles on news.opensuse.org no matter how cool that is
15:38:56 <yaloki> heise, ...
15:39:04 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: yep, with what exactly?>
15:39:05 <gnokii> jospoortvliet: but thats the start
15:39:15 <gnokii> heise simple
15:39:15 <suseROCKs> we are doing LPI exams at this year's conference?
15:39:17 <jospoortvliet> gnokii: sure but we can do more than just the articles
15:39:17 <yaloki> contacting linux magazines and press is pointless, we're already behind the deadline for that
15:39:27 <gnokii> of course we can
15:39:32 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: again, better late than never
15:39:36 <jospoortvliet> you are right in that we're late
15:39:36 <yaloki> err, no
15:39:38 <suseROCKs> yaloki,   we have a media sponsor already
15:39:39 <gnokii> yaloki: we are not ;)
15:39:40 <jospoortvliet> but we can do something at least
15:39:52 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: and Novell helps with this too, getting journalists there etc
15:39:55 <yaloki> no no
15:40:05 <jospoortvliet> afaik about 10-20 are arranged already, if I understood things correctly
15:40:08 <yaloki> if we send them stuff now, it will be published next month at best
15:40:16 <jospoortvliet> ok for articles, sure
15:40:20 <jospoortvliet> but they have websites too :D
15:40:20 <yaloki> which is 2 to 3 weeks before the conf
15:40:30 <yaloki> yes, linux sites are no problem
15:40:34 <gnokii> yaloki: u mean print magazine right but u should talk to michl about it maybe he did there something ;)
15:40:35 <yaloki> I meant it's too late for magazines ;)
15:40:43 <suseROCKs> yaloki,   for the publications, you're correct
15:40:45 <yaloki> gnokii: yes, I meant print magazines
15:40:51 <jospoortvliet> Sure, sucks but such is life. let's move to something more constructive - other things we can do
15:40:55 <gnokii> but thats the problem here, always talking without knowledge
15:41:17 <jospoortvliet> move on guys, what else can we do besides the articles on news and contacting magazines?
15:41:22 <suseROCKs> that's why we're trying to gather some facts here so we are better armed to move forward
15:41:31 <suseROCKs> anyway, gnokii   You said there are other things to do first...  Like what?
15:41:32 <yaloki> the usual guerrilla stuff, digg and such
15:41:42 <jospoortvliet> yaloki: yep
15:41:46 <jospoortvliet> can go with the articles
15:41:49 <jospoortvliet> is hard, btw
15:41:53 <yaloki> yes
15:41:59 <yaloki> not even sure it's worth trying digg ¬¬
15:42:00 <jospoortvliet> other ideas?
15:42:05 <yaloki> but tweeting yeah
15:42:31 <gnokii> jospoortvliet: just write a good announcment thats the first and importanst thing, then send it to press services and prepare some other text for news pages thats all
15:42:37 <suseROCKs> And we need to be sure something gets posted on opensuse-announce soon as well
15:43:09 <yaloki> do we have some banner-ish artwork that can be included on blogs ?
15:43:22 <gnokii> since a looooooooooooooooooooong time yaloki
15:43:26 <AJaeger> yaloki, you mean "I'm going to osc '10"?
15:43:33 <yaloki> AJaeger: something like that, yes
15:43:42 <gnokii> u should follow @openSUSEConf then u would know that
15:44:06 <AJaeger> jospoortvliet, should we promote @openSUSEConf more?
15:44:13 <gnokii> or u should visit my blog I show such a banner since 2 months there
15:44:16 <yaloki> gnokii: it's useless if no one else knows
15:44:36 <AJaeger> gnokii, You cannot overcommunicate ;)
15:44:37 <gnokii> yaloki: would u plz visit the conf page in wiki?
15:44:53 <yaloki> gnokii: no
15:44:57 <yaloki> this is about marketing
15:44:59 <yaloki> remember?
15:45:05 <yaloki> if you don't push the information out, no one knows
15:45:12 <yaloki> "you must read this", "you must subscribe there" = fail
15:45:20 <yaloki> it must be pushed everywhere
15:45:21 <yaloki> forums
15:45:33 <gnokii> u asked about banner and when u would like take a look at this page u would see there is a section and there u can find banner
15:45:35 <yaloki> hm, has it been posted on the forums as a sticky yet ?
15:45:44 <yaloki> gnokii: ok, cool, thanks
15:45:50 <yaloki> but now we need to tell people about it
15:46:15 <suseROCKs> alright  so let's recap:
15:46:19 <yaloki> jospoortvliet: ok, another todo: have a sticky post about the conference on forums.opensuse.org
15:46:25 <suseROCKs> 1.  We finalize jospoortvliet's document
15:46:39 <gnokii> and yaloki as I know as I did them I did a blogpost too
15:46:48 <suseROCKs> 2.  We put together a Topics list for weekly (or more) articles further promoting conference
15:47:16 <suseROCKs> 3.  We go full steam ahead and advertise everywhere we can via all social network venues
15:47:25 <gnokii> so take a look at http://karl-tux-stadt.de/ktuxs/?p=2426
15:47:32 <suseROCKs> Is this the basic plan we're cool with?
15:47:59 <yaloki> yup
15:48:16 <suseROCKs> AJaeger,   Any thoughts on your end?
15:48:24 <suseROCKs> he might be busy with his kid now.
15:48:37 <AJaeger> suseROCKs, I'm here - and this looks fine to me.
15:48:48 <AJaeger> Let's move forward with it ;)
15:49:19 <suseROCKs> ok.   Full speed ahead guys!
15:49:33 <suseROCKs> alrighty,  so let's move on to next topic
15:49:51 <suseROCKs> #topic openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting | Topic: Ambassador Update
15:50:14 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   You've been pretty active in this topic lately, so I'm going to give the floor to you for any thoughts on the movement here
15:50:32 <suseROCKs> or is he on the phone?
15:51:05 <AJaeger> so, let me chime in - we have a list of things we want to do to empower the ambassadors like promoting materials
15:51:26 <AJaeger> jospoortvliet send around a link
15:51:47 <AJaeger> next steps now are moving those in the wiki and realizing the ideas - filling content.
15:51:58 <AJaeger> Some have already volunteered to do stuff - thanks!
15:52:08 <AJaeger> And I hope everybody that volunteers move those forward.
15:52:22 <AJaeger> jospoortvliet, anything to add?
15:52:23 <jospoortvliet> sorry was on phone for a sec indeed
15:52:46 <jospoortvliet> when it comes to the ambassadors - I think we'd get very far if the current wiki pages are simply filled up with content
15:52:57 <jospoortvliet> like answers to the often-asked questions and stuff
15:53:02 <jospoortvliet> that's low-level stuff
15:53:05 <jospoortvliet> but immensely helpful
15:53:14 <suseROCKs> agreed
15:53:35 <jospoortvliet> I'd rather put it some effor there now than discuss the plans much more...
15:53:48 <jospoortvliet> remember, perfect is the enemy of good :D
15:54:04 <jospoortvliet> and having something reasonable beats having plans for something amazing anytime.
15:54:06 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   so just so we have a little idea of a roadmap....  once we have wiki pages populated,  what do you see as the next important course of action?
15:54:16 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: we'll think of that by then
15:54:20 <jospoortvliet> as I expect that to be hard enough
15:54:28 <jospoortvliet> seriously I think we plan a bit too much :D
15:54:45 <jospoortvliet> coming up with plans, brainstorming - that's easy, there are enough ppl here with good ideas and experience.
15:54:47 <suseROCKs> :-)
15:54:49 <jospoortvliet> but DOING, that is hard...
15:55:05 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   i think we're moving far further along in the last two months than we have in a long time.   Give us some credit here  :-)
15:55:18 <jospoortvliet> so let's focus on short(er) term goals first
15:55:29 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: sure, there is progress, I don't deny that of course, and it's great
15:55:37 <jospoortvliet> but more can be done with the same effort if focussed right
15:55:40 <jospoortvliet> imho
15:55:43 <AJaeger> suseROCKs, we're still accelerating ;)
15:55:48 <jospoortvliet> hehe
15:55:50 <suseROCKs> yup
15:56:13 <jospoortvliet> two things are bad: talk talk talk but no do (planning etc falls in that category)
15:56:22 <suseROCKs> ok so we're actually at one hour mark now with just a couple minutes left.     Do we have any other pressing topics?
15:56:22 <gnokii> +1
15:56:27 <jospoortvliet> and negative energy - telling someone NOT to do something because 'it's not important enough
15:56:35 <jospoortvliet> '
15:57:01 <jospoortvliet> or 'not good enough'
15:57:16 <jospoortvliet> I'd much rather have a badly written blogpost by an indian contributor than - no blogpost at all ;-)
15:57:24 <jospoortvliet> or big plans to write huge articles
15:57:28 <jospoortvliet> which never get written...
15:57:29 <suseROCKs> +1 to that
15:57:42 <jospoortvliet> otherwise
15:57:43 <AJaeger> +1^infty
15:57:45 <jospoortvliet> I love you all
15:57:46 <jospoortvliet> hehe
15:57:52 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   but you've taken a big stab at it already with the draft you showed us earlier today.   Great job, jospoortvliet
15:58:02 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: what draft?
15:58:08 <jospoortvliet> did I do something?
15:58:10 <suseROCKs> the piratepad about the conference
15:58:12 <jospoortvliet> I deny everything!
15:58:14 <jospoortvliet> aaah ok
15:58:18 <jospoortvliet> well that wasn't just me
15:58:24 <jospoortvliet> that was 6 ppl working on it
15:58:29 <gnokii> jospoortvliet: its interesting who participated in that
15:58:32 <suseROCKs> right, I see that at the bottom
15:58:33 <jospoortvliet> crowdsourcing, baby
15:58:41 <jospoortvliet> gnokii: yep and it includes you :D
15:58:47 <gnokii> I know
15:59:04 <jospoortvliet> so that must go out soon
15:59:07 <jospoortvliet> will take care of that
15:59:14 <suseROCKs> ok so as I asked a question moments ago... are there any other pressing topics?  Otherwise  i think we can close today's meeting
15:59:24 <gnokii> jospoortvliet: I would add some lines about program
15:59:33 <jospoortvliet> gnokii: please do so!
15:59:39 <gnokii> yeah
15:59:46 <jospoortvliet> not too much yet, more can come in the next weeks
15:59:47 <jospoortvliet> :D
15:59:52 <jospoortvliet> time for the grouphug?
16:00:03 <gnokii> noooooooo
16:00:15 <gnokii> no hughing pay me in beer
16:00:24 <jospoortvliet> oh gnokii you're in for a treat at the conference :D
16:00:25 <jospoortvliet> hehe
16:00:25 <suseROCKs> ok  just to let everyone know.... the next few weeks will be pretty crazy for me leading up to the conference, but I'm going to try to do something as much as I can
16:00:30 <jospoortvliet> finish it suseROCKs
16:00:48 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   You remind me of a girl when you say that.  They all say that to me   :-D
16:00:58 <lupinstein> i am working on the stuff that was asked of me :)
16:01:04 <izabelvalverde> suseROCKs can I help you?
16:01:10 <jospoortvliet> suseROCKs: yeah they get tired of you quickly huh...
16:01:17 <suseROCKs> jospoortvliet,   that's what I meant  :-)
16:01:19 <jospoortvliet> lupinstein: +1
16:01:37 <suseROCKs> lupinstein,   Awesome.   I'll be looking forward to reading it before Ohio Linux Fest this weekend  :-)
16:01:38 <gnokii> I send mine to jospoortvliet yesterday
16:01:50 <jospoortvliet> gnokii: yeah you did see my comment?
16:01:56 <jospoortvliet> or did I not send that yet?
16:02:01 <gnokii> yes I saw it I create that
16:02:03 <jospoortvliet> the 'more bulletpoints' one
16:02:05 <jospoortvliet> cool
16:02:11 <suseROCKs> izabelvalverde,   absolutely.   Jos has been posting some discussions about what we need to finish up on wiki for ambassadors.  Let's try to finish that up quickly
16:02:28 <suseROCKs> alrighty  meeting is adjourned
16:02:32 <suseROCKs> #endmeeting