<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-marketing log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:03:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:03:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Jun 15 15:03:55 2010 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:03:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:04:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">AJaeger</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:04:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: AJaeger suseROCKs
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:04:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> does bugbot need op?  seems bugbot was doing fine?
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:04:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> it needs...
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:05:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> btw. you can use startmeeting with a message...
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so let's begin our meeting.  Welcome to all!
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:06:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> our agenda is at http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing_Team/Meetings/Marketing_Meeting_2010-06-15
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:06:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Someone rearranged our agenda, but I need to put 11.3 topic later so we can get the other topics done with and give more time in the meeting for 11.3
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:06:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> yeah I did it
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:07:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  that's fine, and I appreciate it gnokii,  just I need to be able to quickly go through some of the smaller subjects so we have more time to focus on 11.3.  Okay?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:08:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> go ahead
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:08:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">OBS Post Mortem</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:09:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting in progress | Topic - OBS Post Mortem</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:09:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ahh that's better  :-)
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:09:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Okay so AJ started a thread on the ML about our results of the OBS campaign.   I'd like to open the floor now for anyone who would like to offer their insights on this topic.
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> What did we do well?  What can we do better?  What should we continue to do?  etc.
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:10:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> I'd say what henne said is pretty valid, tell about the benefits
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:10:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and along those lines, I would like to congratulate saigkill_1 and AJaeger for putting so much time and effort into it.
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:10:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> second suseROCKs is completely right, we need to go to projects developers to make them use the OBS
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:11:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill_1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Thanks :-)
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:11:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> can I ask a question? 5 days after release isnt from my side "post mortem"
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:11:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FYI:</span> the obs team plans the 2.1 release in three weeks...
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:11:29 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">thinks that's far too soon - and doubt they'll make it.</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:11:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FYI:</span> Major goal is merging 1.8 and 2.0
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:11:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.8 was specifically for Meego, right?
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:12:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Yes.
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:12:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> I consider it a good time to discuss now while it's fresh on our mind.
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:12:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii__,   So its too soon to discuss how we've been doing?    I think we can certainly explore whether we developed our campaign properly
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:13:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   so based on Henne's comments, do you think we didn't do a good enough job highlighting the features?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:14:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I think we didn't too bad compared to the past and would like to see some more detailed feedback.
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:14:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> exactly
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:15:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I took special care to have an introductionary section on what the buildservice is and only highligthed three features fro 2.0 and 1 for 1.8.
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:15:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> the headline with 2 releases is confusing
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:15:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'll agree with that one michl
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:15:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> important is there is a big OBS release which is 2.0
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:15:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> I agree, but releasing 1.8 and 2.0 at the same time (or first 2.0 then next day 1.8) would have been worse IMO.
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:16:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> during the text there might be a paragraph about features of 1.8
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:16:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Hope to not be in that situation again...
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:16:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> So, just announce : 2.0 release and in the text mention 1.8 as well?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:16:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Meaning:</span> Headline 2.0, text as is (context wise)
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:16:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> imo important is that the headline is clear
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:16:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So what we need to focus on now are the long-term campaign for OBS...  1) Reach out to potential venues to get OBS used or installed  and 2) ensure we develop plenty of materials that help us talk about OBS
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:17:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> one message per headline makes sense to me
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:17:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> (hi all btw)
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:17:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_gdn:</span> What does gdn stand for?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:17:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> and in general we tend to explaing to much in detail
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:17:28 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">high-fives wstephenson_gdn</span>
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:17:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> garden :)
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:18:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> michl, suseROCKs: Ok, understand the messaging of the headline - and really hope that's a one time situation but who knows...
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yeah  I think michl is right that the headline needed to be more clearer, but to me,  I think what we need to do is truly sell sell sell OBS.  And that's not something we've developed well yet.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> the OBS announcment shows clearly this project still is seen mainly as the distro
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:19:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> But I don't feel that's a bad thing that we haven't done it yet.   We're just simply picking our priorities for our time constraints
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:19:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> compare the OBS announcment with milestone 7
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:19:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hint:</span> the votes
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> Ok, you mean the reaction on the announcement
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:19:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   we talked briefly about proposing name change to "open build service"   Would that help?
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:20:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> I mean 8 votes compared to 280 or so
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:20:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Might help but is not done that fast...
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:21:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> There are lots of users of the distri compared to people using obs - several magnitutdes I guess
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:21:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   true, but OBS targets a very specific segment of community, whereas milestones target practically all of the community
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:21:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so what else do we want to discuss on this topic?  If not, we should move on.
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:22:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> is there a plan to rebrand OBS and what would cause it to take a lot of time?
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:23:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I will let that question be answered and then I will close the topic
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:23:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_gdn:</span> No plan yet.  With 11.3 round the door and the strategy discussion, it's not prio 1 ;)
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:23:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:23:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> answered!
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:23:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting in progress | Topic - openSUSE Conference</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:24:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii__,    You have been monitoring the conference plannng closely.  Do you have any information to share with us?
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:25:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Does anyone else have information to share?   michl?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:25:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> I have to share there are only 45 days to deadline cfp and not a lot of proposals yet so u have to do more marekting! first u should accept the invitation on fb
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:26:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> I find the facebook thingy a good idea but suggest that in the future this gets coordinated a bit first.  Let's discuss that kind of stuff briefly on the marketing ML...
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:26:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> .. and if, let's say, there's no disagreement in a day, move forward.
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:27:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I did appreciate receiving the invitation for FB.  It was received while I was on the road, and seems every time I go on the road, I get hundreds of invites  LOL    Still sorting through some of them.
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:27:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> But this is a broader topic - how do we want to act?  Is it ok if one of us just executes?  How to inform others or ask for input?  What to do in urgent situations?
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:27:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> AJaeger I did it because I have since a long time the feeling the marketing goes wronger and wronger because waisting time with things we havent enough power to do
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:28:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> what's our strategy to get plenty of proposals?
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:28:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> It's a question of communication and coordinating.
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:28:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> cast the net wider?
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:28:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> AJaeger there should be a linkedin event as next I havent enough power ther because havent a lot of contacts ther using more xing
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:28:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> or bait the hooks more attractively?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:29:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Let's have this discussion as a separate topic, my comments are off-topic here and deserve a separate discussion round
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:29:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_gdn:</span> u should go to fb and xing and accept the invites so that ur contacts see there is something going on ;)
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:29:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes I agree AJaeger     ok  Let's make a quick vote on this:  Do we want to have a dedicated meeting on the Conference or do we want to continue discussion on the ML?    Vote now!
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:30:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> ML
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:30:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> Im for ML
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:30:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I see IRC as more productive, we're too slow on ML.
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:31:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> thats really stupid a thing whats past would discussed on irc and a thing whats running out of time on ML
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:31:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> But i think we can involve more ppl on ML
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:31:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> saigkill,   we theoretically could, but let's be honest.  People aren't responding well on the ML these days  :-(
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:32:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Hmm. You're right
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:32:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I vote for IRC
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:32:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so we have 2 for ML and 2 for IRC.   Any tie breaker before I close this topic?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:32:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> I change to IRC
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:33:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> bingo the IRC's have it.  We'll coordinate a meeting date soon.
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:33:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> we havent 2 for ML and 2 for IRC where have u learned about communication and first u forget a little bit there is vacation season!
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:33:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii__,    Question for you on next topic: Debugging.  Is this something that needs a general discussion or can we go directly to where the obstacles exist and talk to htem directly?
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:35:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii__,   We are trying to keep this meeting organized and not go on and on with all topics.    That's what people are asking for.   So I'm asking you question about debugging.  is this a topic that needs general discussion?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:35:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> I'm lost - please make up your mind.  I saw a clear vote on IRC for you.
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:36:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> he spoke last he close the topic
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:37:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> close it
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:37:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Topic is closed
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:37:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> proceed.
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:37:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm trying to determine now what the debugging topic is and whether it needs to be discussed.
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:37:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> and thats why I want to discussed this things first waisting time with post mortem things they can be discussed on ML and wiki
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:38:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE marketing team Meeting in progress | Topic - Debugging</span>
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:38:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii__,  You have the floor
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:38:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> u like to kidding me or?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:39:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> it means "you are free to speak"
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:39:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> so he closed an open topic, because of what?
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:39:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> because others asked to close it and give it its own dedicated time
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:41:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> cna u show me the line
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:42:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> so can we get on with the debugging topic instead of procedural meta-discussion?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:42:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> this isn't the university debating society...
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:42:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> Gentlemen, can we stop nit-picking
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:42:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> no that looks more and more like faschism
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:42:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt; suseROCKs: close it
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:43:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger&gt; suseROCKs: Let's have this discussion as a separate topic, my comments are off-topic here and deserve a separate discussion round
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:43:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and people voted
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:43:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> now talk about debugging or the topic is closed.
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:43:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> 3
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:43:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> 2
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:43:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> 1
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:43:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> closed
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:43:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> I searhc for that line fuck
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:44:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> anything to add or next topic?
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:44:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> what's next?
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">15:44:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> the big one ?
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">15:44:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">15:44:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting in progress | Topic - 11.3 Release</span>
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">15:45:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> I started a draft for a launch plan
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">15:45:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing/Team/11_3_Launch
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">15:45:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The remainder of this meeting shall be dedicated to this topic
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">15:45:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> he made a vot becaus AJaeger meant I should not do such thinks like yesterday again that was off topic, so he decidede to make a vote IRC or ML I never saw an extra meeting
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">15:46:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   I think what we need to do first is assess your launch list and start assigning volunteers to the various tasks
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">15:46:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> the conference topic was moved to a separate meeting, nothing to do with you.
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">15:47:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_gdn:</span> seperate why?
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">15:47:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> because we only have about an hour here.
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">15:48:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> lets focus for the rest on 11.3
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">15:48:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> yeah and u wasted 20 minutes with post mortem
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">15:48:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and we feel conference discussion requires good fair amount of time.   It is a good thing we did.
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">15:48:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii__,   I'm going to say this once and then we're going to talk about 11.3 and nothing else for the rest of this meeting....
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">15:49:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> You may think some things are a waste of your time, and that's fine, but it was not a waste of time for others.  You cannot dictate how others value their time.     End of discussion now we talk about 11.3
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">15:50:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   so how do you propose we go about coordinating volunteers for the tasks?   You have created a great outline of tasks so far
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">15:50:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> so let us make a vote suseROCKS shouldnt lead every marketing meeting
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">15:50:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> simple
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">15:51:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> because that fascism is contraproductive
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">15:51:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> first go through the list, see whats good or bad
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">15:51:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> and then think who or which team might be the right fit
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">15:51:51 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">misses the writing of announcements</span>
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">15:52:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> start at the top
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">15:52:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> were you asking about kde features before for 11.3 announcements?
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">15:52:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sounds reasonable
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">15:52:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> outsch, the 11.3 highlights
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">15:52:50 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">misses putting information on our web sites, e.g. www.opensuse.org in all languages</span>
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">15:53:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,  you mean these are items needed to be added to the list?
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">15:54:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Yes!
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">15:54:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> its a wiki - add it ;-)
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">15:54:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">15:54:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> Not sure where and I don't want the two of us edit them together.
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">15:54:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Ok, I'll add...
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">15:55:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> while you are at it: add pre-seeding torrents?
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">15:55:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   I think we should still divide similar tasks into groups and assign a marketing team member to coordinate that area.
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">15:55:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> last time we did that last minute and ad-hoc
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">15:55:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> had you earlier an enligthning conversation on highlights?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">15:55:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> Not enlightening enough
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">15:55:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wstephenson,   is the seeding a marketing task or a technical task?
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">15:56:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> bit of both
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">15:56:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> if we make sure ambassadors are all seeding, we have a good geographical distribution network
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">15:56:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so spreading the word to get people positioned to receive seeds
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">15:57:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> and having ambassadors recruit more seeders is another way to get them involved.
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">15:57:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> once we have the highlights, how about making some short videos?
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">15:57:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I like where you're going with that.
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">15:58:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> SJ,  and I have talked about creating some videos.   Having those highlights will be useful
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">15:58:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Do we have a concrete list of features?  or is the M7 announcement pretty complete?
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">15:59:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> it looks like complete :-(
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">15:59:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">15:59:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> then we'll work off of that
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">15:59:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> and the spideroak thingie still is not in yet
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">15:59:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> Spideroak would be a big one
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">15:59:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> reference?
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">15:59:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> what's holding them up?
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">15:59:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> i thought spideroak was off because the client was not sufficiently open yet...
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">16:00:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_gdn:</span> no, we could add it to non-OSS
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">16:00:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> contracts need time :-(
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">16:00:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> understood
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">16:01:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so again,  I reiterate what i said earlier.  i propose we have coordinators that handle sets of similarly themed tasks.
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">16:01:18 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson_gdn</span> <span class="ac">feels very uncertain about making a big feature for _open_SUSE out of a non-open service.</span>
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">16:01:19 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">just enhanced the wiki</span>
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">16:01:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> i agree
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">16:01:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> The coordinators don't necessarily have to actually DO the tasks, but they need to be aware of the tasks and push the right people to fulfill them.
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">16:02:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so we need Ambassador coordinator, PR coordinator, social net coordinator, tech coordinator, what else?
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">16:02:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> overall coordinator;)
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">16:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> may I suggest to go through the to dos
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">16:02:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> that should not our GroeFatz
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">16:02:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">16:02:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> Reload, I added stuff ;)
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">16:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> will we volunteer for the highlight section?
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">16:03:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SJ:</span> want some help with videos?
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">16:04:02 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson_gdn</span> <span class="ac">is into kdenlive atm</span>
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">16:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wstephenson,  What???  You don't use Windows Movie Maker???  :-)
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">16:04:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> I'll help where you need me ;)
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">16:04:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wstephenson,  and I've been trying out openshot lately.
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">16:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> so put me in charge
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">16:05:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> and there's recordmydesktop as well
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">16:05:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> PR includes the stuff we talked about in AJ's office? press channel, review copies, review guide?
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">16:05:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> Can you take over the wiki and edit it now yourself?  IT's a wiki ;)
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">16:05:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wstephenson_gdn, yes.   all the wordy wordy wordy stuff  :-)
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">16:05:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and I'll jump on the PR Coordination stuff
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">16:05:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> kdenlive runs recordmydesktop to create the raw footage
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">16:06:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> Promoe 11.3 on all our infratstructure - who volunteers?
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">16:06:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_gdn:</span> kdenlive is actually more a tool for working DV material
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">16:06:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> I would volunteer rlihm but haven't asked him
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">16:06:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,  what does that mean "on our infrastructure"?   Does that mean promoting to ourselves as the community?
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">16:07:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> see the comments
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">16:07:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I mean on www.opensuse.org, en.opensuse.org, de.opensuse.org, forums...
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">16:07:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> i'll volunteer for screenshot and video work
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">16:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ahh
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">16:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wstephenson_gdn,  I had wanted to do shots with my video camera while I was in Nuremberg  around the office.  But never had a chance to pull out the camera.  Perhaps you might want to do some live walk around "give openSUSE a human feel to it" video
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">16:08:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> what is "sneak peek"?
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">16:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> saigkill,   screen shots and screencasts of a desktop environment
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">16:08:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saigkill:</span> an article focusing on something
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">16:08:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> listing of what will be new
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">16:08:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> aah thx
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">16:08:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> vorschau
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">16:08:46 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">thinks saigkill  would be a great sneak peeker</span>
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">16:09:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> maybe ...
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">16:09:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> actually we should ping the DE teams to do sneak peeks.  I'll bug Vuntz for GNOME.
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">16:09:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saigkill:</span> KevinYeaux did some for earlier releases - do you remember?
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">16:09:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wstephenson, do you know the KDE team?
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">16:09:58 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">ducks</span>
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">16:10:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think kevin has left the community
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">16:10:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> i may have heard of htem
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">16:10:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> +them
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">16:10:30 </span><span class="nka">* saigkill</span> <span class="ac">must search about older Sneak Peaks</span>
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">16:10:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yeah, just giving saigkill some example material
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">16:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> classical c&amp;p
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">16:10:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span>  c&amp;p?
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">16:11:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs and wstephenson_gdn  to ping Desktop Environmetn Teams to offer sneak peeks</span>
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">16:11:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> copy and paste
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">16:12:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> next
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">16:12:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> feed social media
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">16:12:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and that includes twitter, facebook, identica, xing, linked in  and even blogging
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">16:12:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">btw:</span> it's "Sneak Peek" not "Sneak Peak"
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">16:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> a peak is the top of a mountain
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">16:12:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">16:13:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> a peek is what perverts do at the freibad.
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">16:13:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> now i know what dantes peak means (movie)
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">16:13:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_gdn:</span> somehting wrong with your eyes?
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">16:13:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Shout out your peeks from the highest peak! Go openSUSE Go!
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">16:13:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> ther's only peek
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">16:13:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> i just edited the peaks out of the wiki
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">16:14:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> so, social media
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">16:14:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_gdn:</span> no, I did
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">16:14:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> FYI  just got word that Zonker published top 7 reasons to upgrade to 11.3 on Linux.com
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">16:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> gah, collision
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">16:14:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Link?
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">16:14:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> please stay on topic
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">16:15:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> we're on who's doing what
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">16:15:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> cool i haven't seen that article
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">16:15:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> if he didn't mention kde 4.4 i will fillet him with a rusty stapler.
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">16:15:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> so, no volunteer for social media
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">16:15:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> saigkill u cant see him because he was 2 hours ago here and asked for the point why a user should upgrade
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">16:15:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> next is PromoDVD
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">16:16:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> i'll take it
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">16:16:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> but then i'm fully committed.
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">16:16:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> applause, applause
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">16:16:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> michl I would make 100er packages for all!
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">16:16:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> There should be two people coordinating socnet in my opinion  (especially with twitter)
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">16:16:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> 100 pieces for all ?
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">16:16:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> as u wrote in the table
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">16:16:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> I doubt that's enough
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">16:16:57 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">volunteers to be one of the two</span>
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">16:17:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> ah, the ambassador thing
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">16:17:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">AJaeger and wstephenson_gdn to be co-coordinators of social media</span>
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">16:17:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> brb folks...  Someone ringing my doorbell
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">16:18:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> so now mr. saigkill can read it because its published right now
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">16:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> gnokii__thanks :-)
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">16:19:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> so PromoDVDs I'll do
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">16:19:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> brb
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">16:19:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> next thing is the 11.3 presentation
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">16:19:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> back
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">16:19:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> should be one which high lights the most important stuff and be used by everybody
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">16:20:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> and of course needs to be availalbe in the wiki
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">16:20:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> michl!
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">16:20:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'll volunteer for presentations
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">16:20:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Me too.. However I will require help
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">16:20:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs and manugupt1 to coordinate presentations</span>
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">16:20:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> then you support suseROCKs
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">16:21:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">16:21:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> thanks
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">16:21:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> next?
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">16:21:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> RC2 anouncment
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">16:22:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> group hugging ;)  guys you're doing great!
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">16:22:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> wait - shouldn't be there first a RC1 thing for this week?
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">16:22:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that falls under PR  which I am taking already
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">16:22:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> let's add it to the list...
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">16:22:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh crap, RC1 this week???   We need someone to volunteer for that one.   Michl Aj and I are swamped this week with board/strategy issues
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">16:23:40 </span><span class="nka">* saigkill</span> <span class="ac">can made Sneak peek summary in Combination with the Weekly News</span>
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">16:24:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saigkill:</span> you mean the one in the release week?
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">16:24:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> or in general for the weekly news
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">16:24:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">16:24:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> yes, if its possible
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">16:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saigkill:</span> everything is possible - but nothing is real
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">16:24:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">16:24:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> Hehe :-)
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">16:24:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   Do we feel that we have enough volunteers for a lot of tasks now and the rest we can post on the ML to see if there are non IRC-volunteers who can contribute?
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">16:25:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Also we need to post on Forums to let them know to volunteer as well
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">16:25:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> Weekly News publishes all Sneek Peeks in every week
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">16:25:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> lets finish this up here
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">16:25:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">16:25:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> and then we can tell the world
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">16:25:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> if someone steps up - he or she is more then welcome
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">16:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> back to RC1 and 2 announcment
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">16:26:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> as additionals.   Good idea.  Wunderbra!
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">16:26:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I absolutely cannot do RC1 announcement this week although I will gladly assist with wordsmithing
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">16:27:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and FYI to ANYONE... if you require wordsmithing assistance on your specific tasks, please do not hesitate to ask me.
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">16:28:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Bille&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saigkill:</span> nearly. 'Sneak Peek'
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">16:28:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Bille&gt;</span> ea, ee :)
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">16:28:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Billie volunteers as secondary Wordsmither  :-)
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">16:28:45 </span><span class="nka">* Bille</span> <span class="ac">knows how it feels, since he mangles umlauts in every sentence.</span>
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">16:29:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> but you could handle the RC2 one?
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">16:29:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,  Yes.  After this week, I think my time will be less insane
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">16:30:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> if so we go ahead and find somehow a solution for RC1
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">16:30:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> right
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">16:30:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> under the motto: impossible things we can do in a day, miracles take slightly longer
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">16:30:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> launch parties
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">16:31:00 </span><span class="nka">* michl</span> <span class="ac">puts gnokii__ on that one</span>
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">16:31:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I second that!
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">16:31:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> how does this feel?
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">16:31:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Should we group launch parties and Ambassador coordination together?
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">16:31:39 </span><span class="nka">* gnokii__</span> <span class="ac">strikes it because whe nmichl would listen to him, he understand why</span>
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">16:32:07 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">is back later</span>
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">16:33:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> I though I listen to you. So what's wrong?
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">16:33:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if gnokii__ is not interested, I think we have a number of people on the ML who are expressing interest in launch parties.  We can ask for a volunteer to coordinate there.
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">16:34:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> michl I called 2 times for launch parties, I wrote all ambassadors, I wrote a blogpost. Now its time for a more visible place to call for that
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">16:34:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> that's it - you already are doing it
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">16:34:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> suseROCKs are u are now known as michl?
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">16:35:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> michl what u mean I do it?
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">16:35:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> as you've written above - you're doing it already
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">16:36:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> please maintain it
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">16:36:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> if you like I put the launch party thing to en.opensuse.org ;-)
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">16:36:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> of course but I there isnt a lot of effect not like last release so we have to put it on "news.o.o"
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">16:37:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> so can I leave your name with the launch parties?
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">16:37:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Whatever tools you need to further the spread of launch parties, we support it.   There is no disagreement with you on that.
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">16:37:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> and we put i on news  or make more noise around
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">16:37:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> sure but I cant make a post on news.o.o and no I dont like to have an account
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">16:37:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> maybe with these South African horne which are popular right now
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">16:37:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if you feel you are not getting enough responses, please let us know and we can think and assist in ways we can enhance it
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">16:38:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> so I'll doing it on behalf of gnokii__
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">16:38:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I know that Carlos is very keen to spread it in South America and has discussed it with me several times.     Of course everything takes time.
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">16:38:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> michl I can write u an text but u know my english grammar....
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">16:39:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> we've already in this channel two word smithers
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">16:39:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> so, np
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">16:39:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> next - selection of screenshots
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">16:39:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> who's the screenshot god?
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">16:40:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> doesn't screenshots/screencasts fall under sneak peeks already?
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">16:40:04 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson_gdn</span> <span class="ac">just got zonker to update the 11.3 kde screenshot</span>
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">16:40:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> i volunteered for screens already
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">16:40:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> at http://www.linux.com/learn/tutorials/319054-seven-reasons-to-upgrade-to-opensuse-113
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">16:41:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_gdn:</span> you're in
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">16:41:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> Sneek peek summary is saigkill
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">16:41:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">16:42:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> now you're just 'sneeking' to annoy me ;)
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">16:42:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">16:42:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> then next is pre-information to press, ambassdors and other open soure light houses
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">16:42:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wstephenson,   just type OpenSuSE and watch AJ get annoyed  :-)
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">16:43:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   I again feel that fall sunder its own categories under PR and Ambassador coordinators
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">16:44:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> fine - and which name do we put in?
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">16:44:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so therefore the portion to disburse information to press etc falls under me
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">16:44:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and the disbursement of information to Ambassadors (and launch party planners) is under I think gnokii__ ?
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">16:45:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> which means any information I have I should pass along to gnokii__ as soon as I can.
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">16:46:43 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson_gdn</span> <span class="ac">is out now</span>
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">16:46:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> btw suseROCKs I know such a KDE guy from Chicago maybe he helps u with prepare a launch party
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">16:46:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> but will log on the other machine
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">16:47:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_gdn&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii__:</span> who is that? not nixternal, he's a buntie.
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">16:47:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> It's openSUSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!11
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">16:47:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">16:48:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> I though its OpenS.u.S.e
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">16:48:20 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">needs to finetune the bot ;-(</span>
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">16:48:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_gdn:</span> I know but he owns me a favor
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">16:48:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> that will cost you! :-)
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">16:49:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> AJaeger do u know where the dots are?
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">16:49:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yaloki,  and i once thought up about creating a video (humorous) about the correct spelling and pronunciation of openSUSE  (perhaps a song and dnace video)
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">16:50:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> next is open up infrastructure, presseed torrents a
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">16:50:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> would this be a perfect fit for coolo?
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">16:50:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> that task definitely needs to be someone from internal who can make things happen for us
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">16:50:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii__&gt;</span> http://www.goodbye-dots.de/
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">16:51:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> openSUSE Admin team and coolo
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">16:52:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I think we're covered all the listed tasks?
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">16:53:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> then let's make coolo and he needs to arrange it with the admin team
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">16:53:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I have a closing statement once Michl is done
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">16:53:47 </span><span class="nka">* michl</span> <span class="ac">is done</span>
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">16:53:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Alrighty then...
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">16:54:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> First of all,  WONDERFUL WONDERFUL job today folks.  We really started to step up and discuss and this is a great step forward.
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">16:54:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I want to emphasize a few things as we head off to our corners of tasks.
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">16:54:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> just an advice
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">16:55:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> We are first and foremost... A TEAM!   That means even if you are the sole coordinator of tasks, you can still ask the rest of the team for help, advice, guidance ,etc.
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">16:55:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> as henne said earlier - keep it simple and short ;-)
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">16:55:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Yes, that's too
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">16:55:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saigkill&gt;</span> i feel it so too.
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">16:55:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and likewise, even if you are not assigned to someone else's task, if you have ideas to offer, DO offer to them.  We are open and communicative here!
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">16:56:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So can we get a Rah Rah openSUSE!!! ?
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">16:56:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> and if you are not able to finish a task, then state it!
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">16:56:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh yeah, that too.  :-)
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">16:57:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> And let's search together who can step up.
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">16:57:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Do not worry about failure.  It is okay to fail as long as you learn from it.
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">16:58:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> any other closing comments before we end this meeting?
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">16:58:28 </span><span class="nka">* michl</span> <span class="ac">failed already</span>
<a name="l-413"></a><span class="tm">16:58:39 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">isn't surprised</span>
<a name="l-414"></a><span class="tm">16:58:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> who can make the fourth column in the launch plan the right back ground
<a name="l-415"></a><span class="tm">16:59:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-416"></a><span class="tm">16:59:10 </span><span class="nka">* michl</span> <span class="ac">can't</span>
<a name="l-417"></a><span class="tm">16:59:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> k - 1 hour longer then expected but pretty productive
<a name="l-418"></a><span class="tm">16:59:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> I need to head home
<a name="l-419"></a><span class="tm">16:59:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> Gentlemen, thank you and good bye
<a name="l-420"></a><span class="tm">16:59:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wow  didn't know michl stayed in office.  I'm proud of him!
<a name="l-421"></a><span class="tm">16:59:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> btw - the page is updated - of course
<a name="l-422"></a><span class="tm">16:59:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> let's end the meeting now with a great group hug!
<a name="l-423"></a><span class="tm">17:00:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> &lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;&lt;  :-) &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
<a name="l-424"></a><span class="tm">17:00:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
