<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-marketing log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Jun 29 15:06:00 2010 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:06:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> Question, when will DVD for 11.3 be ready
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:06:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I got a party line up, July 15th
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:06:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> Let's handle that after the meeting
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:06:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> Cool, thanks AJ.
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:06:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> terrorpup,   Pressed DVD's probably won't be ready by that time.
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:06:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> terrorpup then u forget to send me a mail
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:07:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I will send you one today. :-)
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:07:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I just got a place to hold the party.
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Marketing Team Meeting in Progress | Agenda http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing_Team/Meetings/Marketing_Meeting_2010-06-29</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:08:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Okay, before we hit the agenda, I want to notify you that we have received notice that Ohio Linux Fest has extended its deadline for CFP one week until July 7th.
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:08:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think I will probably go to OLF, but would like to know if there's anyone else here interested in going, and perhaps handle a booth.
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:09:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> OLF is September 10-12 this year
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:09:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> little bit funny but u should not c&amp;p the line from last meeting with the days for CfP because tehre are not 45 days now
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok fine
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SJ&gt;</span> so lets begin folks
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:10:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'll modify it now...
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:10:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I might be there, I have to get the funds.
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:10:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I want to do a couple talks
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:11:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> What kind of funds are you in need of?
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:12:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> traveling
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:12:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> my work offers grants and I am trying to get one
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:13:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh that's cool.
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:13:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> let me know what you can find out and we'll try to work something out together.
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:13:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> :-) will do
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:13:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> terrorpup,  but go ahead and submit your proposals to OLF and we can deal with funds afterwards since there's only 1 week left
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:13:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:14:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> its very cheap for me to get to Columbus, so I just probably need someone to split costs with hotel room, that's all.
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:14:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Note that the Novell funds are all targetted at the openSUSE conference now - so we've used all our (hidden) buffers.
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:14:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> http://www.ohiolinux.org/node/674
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:15:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   Right.  Basically by funding, I was thinking of pooling together rather than putting hand out to Novell.  :-)
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:15:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok on to topic #1
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:15:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Glad to hear - and I heard noone asking for Novell, just wanted to mention it ;)
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:15:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Marketing Team Meeting in Progress | Agenda http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing_Team/Meetings/Marketing_Meeting_2010-06-29 | Topic: openSUSE Conference</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:16:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,   Is there anything new we need to be aware of about conference?
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:16:56 </span><span class="nka">* michl</span> <span class="ac">just got LinuxNewMedia as media partner</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:17:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> of course suseROCKs u should join the linkedin event and share the conference on fb with ur friends
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:17:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> so LinuxMagazin will give us 2 ads and they will be at the conference
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:17:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SJ&gt;</span> awesome !
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:17:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> plus they offer us to do one moderation if needed
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:18:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> michl do u know who would that be?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:18:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> yes
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> do you wanna know ? ;-)
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:18:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> hilzinger or magnus?
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:18:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> Joerg Luther
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,   I posted an announcement on LinkedIn.   Those who follow the openSUSE group should have received announcement emails
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:19:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:19:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> is that the same the suse group? or is the suse group more focus to SLE?
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:20:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> terrorpup,  The only group I think I'm aware of is the openSUSE Users and Contributors group on LinkedIn
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:20:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SJ&gt;</span> there are others , but thats the one with max members :-)
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,  Anything we need to do on our end for LNM?  What do they want to be fed?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:20:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> http://www.linkedin.com/groups?mostPopular=&amp;gid=145239
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:21:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> we feed them with the program
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:21:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> michl half or full page?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:21:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKS:</span> SUSE Linux Users Group
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:21:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> http://www.linkedin.com/groups?mostPopular=&amp;gid=61388
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:21:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> called "openSUSE Contributors and Users"
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:21:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If that's the case, then I guess I need to look at all the LinkedIn groups and figure out how to coordinate between them all.   I've only focused on the one I mentioned and thought that was all there was.  I don't spend much time on Linked In
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:22:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SJ&gt;</span> neither do I . I joined it because of the event and invite others :-)
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:23:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   so nothing for us to do with LNM until Program Committee is finished, right?
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:23:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> Guys I didn't know about the openSUSE one, I just joined. :-)
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:23:28 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">just approved terrorpub ;)</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:23:39 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">will approve terrorpup's join request shortly  :-)</span>
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:23:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh,  AJaeger beat me to it!
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:23:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I invitet them to come up with ideas for cfp - will see if they come up with any
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:24:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   You mean ideas for promoting the CFP or to sign up for CFP?
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:24:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> topics to covers
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:24:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:25:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Anything else on Conference before we move on to 11.3?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:25:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> michl does rlihm ads or should I do it?
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> rlihm probably will do them but just ping him and ask
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:26:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> actually that pops in my mind a question to gnokii.   gnokii,  just curious.  With jimmac departing, how does that change things for the artwork team?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:26:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> so have to give him the logo svg
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:27:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> that need a only meeting to say that, the problem with art team is it was keep out of distro graphics
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:27:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok, just curious.  Thanks.
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:27:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> now is the time to recreate the art team IMHO
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:27:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SJ&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:28:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think its a great way to grow the community if the community has more influence on distro artwork.   so +1 from me too
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:28:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Alrighty next topic:
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:28:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Marketing Team Meeting in Progress | Agenda http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing_Team/Meetings/Marketing_Meeting_2010-06-29 | Topic:  11.3 Release
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:29:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> +1
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:29:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> How is everyone doing with their tasks?   (I need to make some additions in the list at http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing/Team/11_3_Launch)
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:30:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SJ&gt;</span> I got a concept for Promotional Video . But I guess it would take a long time to be ready .
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:30:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ahh I see michl  has created the highlights page.  Now manugupt1 and I can get to work on slides
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:30:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> AJaeger did, of course
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:31:13 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">pats AJaeger</span>
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:31:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Needs still some more work...
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:31:37 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">sends a 11.2 openSUSE DVD free-of-charge to AJaeger for his contribution</span>
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:31:48 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">just put LXDE with Andrea on it</span>
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:31:59 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">feels honored</span>
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:32:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> PSankar has volunteered to work this weekend on GNOME Sneak Peek
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:32:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> he was working on some magazine article last weekend and needed to finish that first.
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:32:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> michl I put a mail this week on marketing list for collecting the addresses from ambassadors who like to have a package
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:32:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> not sure if billie has pinged KDE team yet
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:33:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Social Media is Will and AJ....  anything we need to know about there?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:34:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Are we finding out there's more accounts out there than we know what to do with?  :-)
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:34:45 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">needs to sync with will this week desperatley</span>
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:35:23 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">funds AJaeger for travel expenses to Will's office</span>
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:35:40 </span><span class="nka">* SJ</span> <span class="ac">has to leave . ! Will catch you all later . ciao :-)</span>
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:35:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> SJ,  send us an update about what you have in mind with video  okay?
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:36:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SJ&gt;</span> suseROCKs, to the ML ?
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:36:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:36:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SJ&gt;</span> okay !
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:36:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,  has been handling information regarding launch parties and I think he's doing great motivation there
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:37:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> People really enjoyed his article about how to set up launch parties.
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:37:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> yeah because of the grammar
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:38:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but the message got across.  So kudos to you!
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:38:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Any other comments about 11.3?    manugupt1 and I definitely need to get busy this week.
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:39:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and I have to draft up the PR release and show you all before I leave town which is (eeeeeps!) July 14th!
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:39:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ok here's what I'm going to do from now until release time....  (with exception of holidays this weekend)
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:40:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I am going to make myself present here in this channel every day at 14:00 UTC and anyone who wants to join me working on 11.3 stuff  I'm here
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:40:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Every day one hour guaranteed time with 11.3 from me.
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:40:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Cool, everyone?
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:41:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well I guess not cool with paka.  :-)
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:41:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok we'll move on to next topic then
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:41:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> suseROCKs counts with me presence
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:42:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   ok that's 11 a.m. your timie each day.   :-)
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:42:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   and look at http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing/Team/11_3_Launch to see if there's anything you can do or add to it.
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:42:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Cool
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:43:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Marketing Team Meeting in Progress | Agenda http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing_Team/Meetings/Marketing_Meeting_2010-06-29 | Topic: Ambassadorship</span>
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:43:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> ooh ooh
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:43:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I need to step away for 2 minutes, but gnokii   if you want to start this topic, go ahead
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:44:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> but I didnt put this on the schedule, I can say something about. But really there is more to do
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:46:05 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">is back</span>
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:46:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> Go ahead!
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:46:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes go ahead,  Want to hear your thoughts about state of Ambassadorship  and how we can improve it.
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:48:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> the state, after the last clean up there are much new ambassadors without a mail address on her user page, there are lot with mail addresses I always get a DEAMN back, so its not really funny to work with
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:48:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> How many do we have on the list now  (active and inactive) ?
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">15:49:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> when u me tell what is active and what inactive, we have arround 150 on the list, active I can only guess maybe 20 or 30
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">15:50:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> how are you going to find out who is active or not?
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">15:50:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> I organised the ambassador event page by continent... and now it's by country once again. it has the sort feature which is nice but still
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">15:51:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> terrorpup,   I think gnokii is trying to figure that out now.   He sent email this week asking ambassadors to respond.
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">15:51:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> that I said I can only guess, it isnt usus to talk a lot of what they do, thats one of the problems
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">15:51:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> wow, I don't remember see that e-mail. whoops.
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">15:51:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> We need somebody to organize the ambassadors - improve the rules, talk with them, create a real team etc...
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">15:52:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> I can only write them all and wait for answers, some telling me what they are doing some did recognize the mail and tell me later after another mail they doing something
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">15:52:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> motivate them, share what works etc
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">15:52:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes we need to cultivate and hear what they are doing and what their needs are
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">15:52:44 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">wonders what incentives we can use for them</span>
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">15:53:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> isn't saigkill the ambassador team leader?
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">15:53:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I have an idea... We can ask them to tell us about their events have a rule something like an event on openSUSE or just linux year should be done by the ambassador and send pics... otherewise cleanup them...and if the reposrts are good enough we can give them an email id .. as someone on the ML said..
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">15:53:15 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">is thinking that it's bad that anybody can say "I want to be an ambassador" without any mentorship</span>
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">15:53:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> +1 thats the only what we can do now, but we should retarting to make it so easy to get on the list, second for some special regions like India we need a special program an leader
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">15:53:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> +1
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">15:53:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> some people don't even introduce themselves
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">15:53:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> they just put their name on the wiki
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">15:53:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">javier_:</span> Right now, the webpage contains a link to the ambassador leader
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">15:54:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">javier_:</span>  introducion was a can, not a must
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">15:54:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> ... and that links goes to myself
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">15:54:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> Did we have coorinator for north, south, emae
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">15:54:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> maybe instead of letting people add their names to the list, they should fill out a form or send an email to Ambassador coordinator and get "interviewed"?
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">15:54:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I was very surprised when I found that link ;-(
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">15:54:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> +1 suseROCKs
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">15:54:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> right now most send me an email
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">15:54:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> I know. what I mean is that it needs to be a bit organised
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">15:54:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> So, yeah, I could interview.
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">15:55:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> the mail to the ambassador lead is after the rules necessary ask AJaeger at moment he get lot of mails
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">15:55:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> who is the ambassador lead?
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">15:55:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpub:</span> Somebody told me that it's me - the link goes to me.
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">15:55:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> right now :D
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">15:55:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> AFAIK it went to Zonker first and then somebody changed it to me
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">15:56:08 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">would like to pass on the honour ;)</span>
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">15:56:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> yeah I did it after I asked u who it doing u or michl
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">15:57:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> ah, the community manager is the same the ambassador lead, gotcha
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">15:57:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> did they ever hire a new community manager?
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">15:57:23 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">proposes to have a special "ambassador" meeting after the 11.3 launch</span>
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">15:57:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> sorry don't mean to side track the meeting.
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">15:57:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> That was in the past - for the future anybody can become it
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">15:57:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,   Yes but what I'm saying is people should not just add their names to list.  That seems to cause more confusion and more work for you.
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">15:57:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I want to keep the bar low for potential ambassadors but I want at least SOMEONE here to engage in a conversation with them so they know what the job means
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">15:57:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but AJaeger   Do you want to handle all that?  You have so much on your plate.  (Admires and pities AJaeger)
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">15:57:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the other question we have to answer which I don't think we addressed enough last time...
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">15:57:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> How do we give people who are doing events around 11.3 launch early access to 11.3?   Do we want to do that?
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">15:58:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I have some thought on the ambassador program.
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">15:58:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> whoa... I just had rollup of 10 posts here...  was there a lag for anyone else?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">15:58:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Ok, I will engage with them for now - and will start collecting ideas on the program.
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">15:58:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> Please send me an email
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">15:58:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> I would write protect the page and would make the rule write first, to the lead, prepare ur user page and after that the lead set u on the list
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">15:59:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> We're finalizing the hiring of the community manager right now
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">15:59:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> so u make sure u have the mail address for communicating
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">15:59:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> Good idea
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">15:59:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> yea, I know hear from Zonker, bit sad I didn't get it. Oh, well.
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">15:59:49 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">should have fulll wiki rights ;)</span>
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">16:00:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> will send you one later.
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">16:00:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> so, we'll have a suprise... new community manager
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">16:00:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">16:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> so I get the job? :D
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">16:00:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> hears suseROCKs and many other cry
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">16:00:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">javier_:</span> champagner is cold already
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">16:01:33 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">will not comment on who it is</span>
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">16:01:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">16:01:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes AJaeger   We don't want people to know yet that we hired Steve ballmer
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">16:01:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oops,  did I reveal too much?
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">16:02:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> of course, a suprise is a surprise. don't tell anybody ;)
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">16:03:12 </span><span class="nka">* terrorpup</span> <span class="ac">hopes next time he can get it. :)</span>
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">16:03:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> no you didn't do that ? :-)
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">16:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> no you didn't do that ? :-)
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">16:04:23 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">send patch -SB CEO</span>
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">16:05:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok now that I seem to be back from IRC Blackhole...
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">16:05:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> coming back to a question suseROCKs asked: We can give ambassadors early acccess to the DVDs.
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">16:05:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> via download, right?
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">16:05:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> If I get a list of people doing launch events, I can send them a link
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">16:06:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yes, just a private link
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">16:06:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> Anyone in the US know of a service that can burn them cheap? It takes a while to burn dvd.
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">16:06:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> what is the earliest date this private link will be available to ambassadors?
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">16:06:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I would do that on Monday,  12th
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">16:06:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> terrorpup,   how many you need?
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">16:06:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> there is a list in the wiki
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">16:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Perhaps already on the 11th
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">16:07:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I about 50
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">16:07:38 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">wishes he still had acccess to the mutli-DVD burner  :-(</span>
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">16:07:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> but it takes me about a week with 4 computer to burn that many :(
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">16:08:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> for the media we should make next release a other planning, the problem is most doing event 23th and  there isnt possible to have medias
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">16:08:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> terrorpup,   how about we split in half and I burn 25 for you and send to you?
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">16:09:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> that sounds cool.
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">16:09:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok to summarize on this topic:
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">16:09:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> you can burn cds as well
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">16:09:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1)  We will hold special Ambassadorship meeting after 11.3 release
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">16:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> True
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">16:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2) Gnokii will try to whittle down the list of active vs. inactive
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">16:10:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3) AJaeger will send links to valid people for early downloads
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">16:10:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,   One request:   Please put the non-responders in a separate list somewhere.  Don't just delete them.
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">16:11:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> or mark them
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">16:11:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes.    Because I want us to have a chance to further review and see if we can revive them with CPR or something.  :-)
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">16:11:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> I always mark them give them time then comment them out ;)
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">16:11:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> or a defibrillator.  :-)
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">16:12:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> which list of ambassadors we are talking about http://wiki.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Ambassadors_list or http://en.opensuse.org/Ambassador/List
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">16:12:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span>  cool!
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">16:12:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> the old one CarlosRibeiro
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">16:12:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> Maybe we can have a list of volunteers that just want to work tables that the ambassador can call on for help?
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">16:13:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> terrorpup,   Let's save that for the Ambassador meeting.
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">16:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> ;) no problem
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">16:13:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> gnokii_ thanks ;-)
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">16:13:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> Put that in your email so that it does not get lost ;)
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">16:13:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I'm going to close this topic and then we can open floor for any new topics or close
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">16:13:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> It's there.
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">16:14:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Marketing Team Meeting in Progress | Agenda http://en.opensuse.org/Marketing_Team/Meetings/Marketing_Meeting_2010-06-29 | Topic: Additional Topics?</span>
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">16:14:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Going once....
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">16:14:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Going twice...
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">16:14:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> This might not be a topic, but I have a general question
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">16:15:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> shoot!
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">16:15:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> is there a calendar that we share
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">16:15:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> one that sends out reminder or anything like that
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">16:15:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> there is a .ics or what do u mean?
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">16:15:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yes we have news.opensuse.org calendar and I need to take better care of that
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">16:16:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and you can subscribe to it via your mail client
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">16:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> like google calendar or php calendar
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">16:16:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> ok thanks
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">16:16:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> terrorpup,  that one on news should do it.  And I have it synced to my google account so I get the reminders on my Droid as well.
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">16:17:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> news.o.o has an ics file, include it in google calendar
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">16:17:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> that my question thanks guys.
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">16:17:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> What else, folks?
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">16:17:53 </span><span class="nka">* SJ</span> <span class="ac">is back</span>
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">16:18:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ok I guess we have no new topics then...
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">16:18:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Going once...
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">16:18:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Going twice....
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">16:18:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Going twice.5
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">16:18:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Going thrice....
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">16:18:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> suseROCKs:
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">16:18:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I have no further questions
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">16:18:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> uh oh...
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">16:19:09 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">slaps AJaeger for making him think he had a new topic at the last second.... and closes the meeting!</span>
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">16:19:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
