<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-marketing log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:03:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">"Marketing Team Meeting 21-September-2010"</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:03:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Sep 21 15:03:14 2010 UTC.  The chair is suseROCKs. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:03:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Good Evening
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:04:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok folks, we've got just a few short weeks left before our awesome openSUSE Conference starts!   So let's jump into the meeting and let's fire it up, baby!
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:04:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Our agenda is at http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Marketing_meeting
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:04:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> And here's our agenda
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:04:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1.  Opening Comments (5 mins)
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:04:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. Conference Marketing
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:04:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. Where are we at now?
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:04:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. Who is going? Volunteers needed to do nightly reporting
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:04:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3. Twitter hashtags and other things
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. Upcoming Events
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:04:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 1. What events are we already planning to attend?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:04:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 2. Collaborating on developing abstracts for talks
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 3. openSUSE Build Service 2.1 release - announcements
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:04:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> 4. Miscellaneous and Q&amp;A
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:05:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting | Topic: Conference Marketing</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:05:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Alrighty, so we have a few items to touch on with this...
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:05:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and AJaeger has wisely arrived at just the right time without missing anything...
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:06:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> First of all,  some quick bits...
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:06:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yaloki, and gnokii have been working on the countdown banner.  We should all put on our blogs soon.
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:06:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yaloki, gnokii ...  can you offer the link yet?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:07:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> I'll put it on my blog if I had it the banner :)
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:07:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok they're not around. so we'll get the link from them soon and post to mailing lists.
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:07:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> can I make a comment as well...
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:07:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> http://dev-loki.blogspot.com/2010/09/opensuse-conference-2010-countdown.html
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:07:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> master rocks?
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:08:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ahh  thanks gnokii
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:08:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and yes jospoortvliet
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:08:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> very nice..
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:08:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I'd like to call on everyone to try and spread the articles on news like http://news.opensuse.org/2010/09/20/easily-building-software-for-multipe-distributions-and-platforms/ which promote the conference
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:08:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> it's a good article which is fitting for any website
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:08:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs to push http://dev-loki.blogspot.com/2010/09/opensuse-conference-2010-countdown.html on mailing lists</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:08:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> they can copy-paste the contents as much as they want to
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:09:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> maybe the news.o.o site should have license info or something
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:09:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> this should be as open as possible so news sites can pick it up...
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> so it needs to be tweeted, dented etc
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:09:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and the same goes for the other articles we'll hopefully write for the conference
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:09:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> this one I had high hopes for
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:09:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but I haven't seen it being picked up yet
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:09:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> which is sad
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:09:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> don't we also have some upcoming articles from Helen that should also be tweet/dented?
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:10:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> yep, the second one will be about the community track
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:10:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> at the conference
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:10:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:10:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,  and I agree... we need to develop some improved PR avenues
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:10:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> same goes there. But esp the OBS one is pretty generic, and again it sucks that it hasn't been picked up yet
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:10:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:10:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I contacted a bunch of magazines and submitted it to lwn and osnews
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:11:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> not sure where else it should go
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:11:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> if anyone wants to submit it anywhere - PLEASE do so!
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:11:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,  are you around?
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:11:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and tweet it darn it has only been tweeted a few times ;-)
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:11:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span>  noone picks that article up thats what I said to u its not new
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:11:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> All, I just put the conference banner up on my site: http://slackadelic.com
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:11:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Sir, I am
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:11:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> give you an idea of what it looks like on a live site
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:11:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> I send it out before the conference; and what's not new?
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:11:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   How are we leveraging our relationship with that media group  LWMN or something?  in Germany?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:12:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> todo a post about OBS
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:12:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> LWMN ? you mean the german Linux Magazine, right ?
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:12:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> we had articles on there plattforms
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:12:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   Yes
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:13:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> I just send them our articles
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:13:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> suseROCKs, I will meet LWN tomorrow in person ;)
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,   that's good.  But I also want to know how we're leveraging that relationship  as in, how are we making channels of communication open between us and them?
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:13:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wunderbar guys!
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:13:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> the whole?
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> wonderbra?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:13:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> oh haha.. misread.
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:13:59 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">is collecting also email address of journalists - so if you have one, please tell me...</span>
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:14:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Dominian,   No, that's something I wear....
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:14:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> gnokii, Just the head ;)
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:14:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh great, now its archived that I wear a wonderbra...
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:14:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> WOOT!
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:14:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> you fell into my trap... my plan is working peeeeerrrrfectly
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:14:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:14:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> Keep in mind AJaeger put me up to it!
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:15:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:15:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> and whoever worked on that opensuse conference logo.. bravo.. it looks VERY nice
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:15:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so, we're building up relationship with PR effects for the conf... good.   let's also start to build long term relationships as well.
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:15:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Hi Can I make a suggestion here...
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:15:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> sure quickly, manugupt1.  We have other subtopics in this topic.
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:15:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Whatever articles we come up with can be sent over here too http://www.linuxforu.com/
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:15:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> when it comes to contacting journalists, be sure to involve vera &amp; friends - they're pro's and know who's who and such.
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:16:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> anyway AJaeger you added koen vervloesem already?
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:16:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Just that suseROCKs, It is widely acknowledged in India
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:16:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:16:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> cool. Please send the OBS one dude :D
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:16:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and guys... don't ask for permission to comment... just comment!
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:16:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, we do - this is just plan B ;)
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:16:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> oh and I blogged about Mageia, offering our help - might be worth spreading as well
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:16:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> +1
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:16:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, send me the details of verfloesem
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:17:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> alrighty, let's cover other conf subtopics as well now so we can move on...
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:17:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> next item in conf is hashtags.
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:17:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I propose either #openSUSE10 or #oSC10....  Thoughts?
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:17:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, I have not been tracking on OBS, so please can you send me the link
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:18:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> for what?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:18:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> the conference?  You mean I'll be able to participate without leaving my couch!?  I'm all for that ;)
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:18:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> http://news.opensuse.org/2010/09/20/easily-building-software-for-multipe-distributions-and-platforms/
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Dominian,   yes.   People should tweet frequently during the conf
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:18:44 </span><span class="nka">* Dominian</span> <span class="ac">nods</span>
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:18:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> second, shorter
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:18:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> But also tweet now so that many come to the conference ;)
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:18:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> other opinions?
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:19:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> we had last year #osc09, so I agree with osc10
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:19:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm in favor of osc10 because its shorter, but at the same time, I'm noticing growing trends away from shortness and focusing on "obviousness"
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:19:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so opensuse10 fits today's trend, but eats up tweet space.
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:20:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> opensuse10 fits nothing because is missunderstandable
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:20:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> agreed
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:20:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> People would think its a time warp
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:20:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,   but its got the name so at least you get an idea its about openSUSE... wheras OSC10 has even less information
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:20:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> but I'm personally still in favor of osc10 as its easier
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:21:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ok osc10 it is
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:21:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> let's move on
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:21:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:21:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so looks like most of us osc10 is the way to go..
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:21:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,   Can you forward #osc10 to the Conference planners so its properly published in documents and on slides?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:22:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> ???
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,   so that the conference flyers and on slides by main conference keynote events opening slide shows #osc10 on it
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> gnokii, we should have on the main page a mention of #osc10
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:23:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> no point in #osc10 if only we know it.  :-)
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:24:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok next thing...
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:24:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> during conference... we hope EVERYONE blogs on their personal blog about the conference what they experienced.
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:24:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I would if I was there :(
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:24:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> But we also should have a nightly "summary of the day" on news.o.o
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:24:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> abso-frickin-lutely
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">15:24:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Dominian,   you can write about how you long to be there
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">15:24:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">15:24:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> we basically should try and gather some peeps
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">15:24:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> smartass
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">15:25:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> to write about the conference
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">15:25:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> push out daily articles
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">15:25:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So,  I don't want to put the whole responsibility on a single person.   I would like to see people take turns each day
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">15:25:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> as the tracks are NOT covered by camera, we would ideally write about those to
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">15:25:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> one person can't do that
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">15:25:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so we don't all feel like we're working day and night  :-)
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">15:25:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> needs at least 2 per track
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">15:25:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> any volunteers?  Who's going to conf by the way?
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">15:25:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> seems suseROCKs and I are saying the same thing...
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">15:26:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, great minds think a like ;)
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">15:26:10 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">sings the old 80's song to jospoortvliet   "Get outta my dreams!   Get into my car!"</span>
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">15:26:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> uhhh
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">15:26:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> first he's wearing a bra.. now he's going on a date...
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">15:26:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'm quite a catch, handsome!
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">15:26:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ok serious
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">15:26:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> who here would be willing to help write
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">15:27:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,    Maybe we should just review the registration list and bug people directly to volunteer
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">15:27:14 </span><span class="nka">* rtyler</span> <span class="ac">runs and hides</span>
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">15:27:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> it means going to every other talk in one track and writing a short piece about it
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">15:27:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> besides 4 of us, I don't see anyone else in here now who are going to be in the conf
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">15:27:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ok maybe that's the only way
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">15:27:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I'd definitely write if I were at the conference
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">15:27:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I will blog about it too
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">15:27:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> so next time be there damnit
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">15:27:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> I'll blog, as suseROCKs suggestd, how badly I want to be at the conference
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">15:27:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> ha!
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">15:28:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I live in the US.. wife and Kid.. sole income.. not happening!
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">15:28:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">15:28:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> at least help Helen with writing the articles for the conference hey :D
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">15:28:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and for next time - we'll surely have to work on getting more sponsorship for travel.
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">15:28:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok anything else we want to cover about the conference?
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">15:28:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,   any details we're not aware of that we should spread the word about?
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">15:29:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> ???
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">15:29:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> yeah did we miss anything?
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">15:29:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I can tell a bit about the journalists if you all like that :D
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">15:30:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> is it related to our topic of marketing?
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">15:30:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> how is it not?
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">15:30:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> then go ahead
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">15:30:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> no send me just a list
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">15:30:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> I don't know the specific names
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">15:30:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> can look it up
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">15:30:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> anyway let's first do a generic FYI
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">15:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> there will be about 10 journalists from europe; Novell is paying for that (they wouldn't come without paying for trip &amp; hotel)
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">15:30:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> then send me the media, I find that out np for me mostly
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">15:31:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> on tuesday they will arrive. novell pays for lunch and they get an introduction. I will give them a short talk about the conference itself
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">15:31:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> wednesday they will be at the conference. They get a list of ppl who might be interesting for them to interview
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">15:31:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but they can of course talk to anyone
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">15:31:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> thursday most of them leave again
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">15:32:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so is there a press room for them?
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">15:32:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> not really, and apparently they aren't that interested in that
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">15:32:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> I'd propose to do it like last year, just a press table in the breakfast area
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">15:32:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> still I'll talk to them, see if they need anything
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">15:32:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> yea
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">15:32:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> they should at the conference not in a room somewhere els
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">15:32:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> e
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">15:32:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> michl,   That'll work.  Plenty of quiet space there
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">15:32:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> yes its queit enough even to make radio interviews there
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">15:33:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   ok so good to know about this.  Is there anything we on the team can do to help out the journalists in any way?
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">15:34:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> aside from being nice to them - they're being taken care of by Novell employees. Very nice for us, obviously, but feel free to approach them
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">15:34:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I'd be happy to introduce anyone of you
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">15:35:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> guess I better shower on those days then  :-)
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">15:35:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> you do that
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">15:35:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">15:35:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok any other details on this topic of Conference?
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">15:35:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> well did all see the marketing/promo plan?
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">15:35:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> anyone interested in doing tasks on there or any input on it??!?
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">15:36:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ouch,  no yelling
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">15:36:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> http://piratepad.net/H9whQFD9wU
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">15:36:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh joy,  piratepad works today....
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">15:36:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,  I think we just need to push this once again on the ML
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">15:37:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ideas are fun, but anyone taking on anything is even more important
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">15:37:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> will do right now.
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">15:37:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">jospoortvliet to push again for http://piratepad.net/H9whQFD9wU</span>
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">15:37:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I think that's enough on this topic, we have other important topics too.
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">15:37:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">michl:</span> is there net now on the conf?
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">15:37:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> yes there is
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">15:37:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> 10mbit synchron
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">15:37:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> any further can be brought up on ML or after meeting.
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">15:38:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> wireless with a ticket system
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">15:38:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> second question are ther 64kb free for audio streaming?
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">15:38:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> so each attendee will get a ticket
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">15:38:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Upcoming Events</span>
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">15:38:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So we have several events that I'm aware of coming up in the next few months
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">15:38:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> I don't have a clue - do you need dedicated 64kb ?
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">15:39:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> guys... talk logistics outside.
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">15:39:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> but that's something for a conference meeting
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">15:39:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> its possible with 56k to but thats the lowest rate for mp3
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">15:39:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> anyway, we have for example LatinoWare, SCALE, and I think FOSS.in is in Dec, right?
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">15:40:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rkumar&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">15:40:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I want to encourage you all to submit papers for any that are in CFP now.
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">15:40:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rkumar&gt;</span> its in dec
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">15:40:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> oh yeah suseROCKs heard u pay my flight to foss.in
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">15:40:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rkumar&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">15:40:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and more importantly, I think its a good idea if we help each other with writing titles and abstracts.   We had a miss on OLF few weeks because somehow the abstract wasn't strong enough about OBS.
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">15:41:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I think if we assisted each other and really made strong abstracts, we can increase all of our chances globally to get into talks.
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">15:41:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,   Didn't you receive the reservation confirmation yet?
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">15:41:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and in general, it might be a good idea to put those abstracts with the slides on the wiki...
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">15:41:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> to share with others...
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">15:41:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> negative
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">15:41:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> ok, why?
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">15:42:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> one thing I see... Sharp sexy titles do help.  Gotta get people to notice.   Getting our talks accepted is step 1.  Getting people to SEE our talks is step 2.  :-)
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">15:42:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> because u atrract ppl to submit talks without knowledge, when they not can do an good abstract the talk would be not good too
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">15:42:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> which also means: Feel free to ask on the marketing list for a review of title/abstract
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">15:43:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> well if there's a choice between no talk and a talk from someone with little experience (who will learn from it!) I take the latter
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">15:43:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">AJaeger:</span> yes an review is ok, but not standardized texts
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">15:43:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> so let's make it as easy as possible
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">15:43:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> seriously we all had to learn it
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">15:43:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> my first talks surely sucked
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">15:43:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but hey you have to start somewhere
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">15:43:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> people need experience.  If we keep the bar high, it won't achieve much.
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">15:43:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> and u learned it from c&amp;p????
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">15:43:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> exactly
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">15:43:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> c&amp;p? dunno what that's but yes, I did learn it by giving talks at conferences
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">15:44:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> how else...
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">15:44:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> copy &amp; past
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">15:44:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> well no, by giving the talk
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">15:44:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,   Some people give good talks but write lousy abstracts.
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">15:44:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> having an ready-made abstract and slides with prepared tekst would have made it much easier...
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">15:45:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> would also avoid mistakes
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">15:45:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> have nothing against that u do talks on learn with that
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">15:45:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ...
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">15:45:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> we should also share presentations so that others can give them.  I feel honoured if somebody takes my presentation and uses it as basis ;)
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">15:45:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> well.....
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">15:46:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> of course its not possible to have 2 guys at the same presentation
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">15:46:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> but IMHO the better way to learn is to mix old master guys with new ones
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">15:47:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so the one verifiable thing we're agreeing on is to encourage everyone to discuss and seek review of their abstracts  (and slides eventually)
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">15:47:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> two point split attention and one can help each other
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">15:47:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   sure  about presentation itself, but this is about abstracts.  We *need* to improve our abstract writing skills overall
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">15:47:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if we can't sell the abstract then we can't give talk  :-)
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">15:47:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> fine
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">15:48:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   but definitely we should also discuss as a separate topic or written somewhere or link to other sites about how to deliver effective talks.  Your point is very valid and appropriate
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">15:49:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Marketing_jobs#Presenter_Training
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">15:49:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok so...   can we cover anything else on this matter?   I'd like to see good concentrated effort to unify on this.  Perhaps we should engage the ambassdors in developing this stuff
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">15:49:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> +1
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">15:49:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   Excellente'!
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">15:50:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> suseROCKs, Review the list of jobs, I've added a couple more today ;)
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">15:50:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs  to communicate our Presenter Training initative to Ambassador list</span>
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">15:50:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> suseROCKs, change it to: List of open jobs - see my mail from earlier today
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">15:50:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   to hell with so-called recession, we've got plenty of jobs!  huh?  :-)
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">15:51:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok  next topic is AJaeger's!
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">15:51:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting | Topic: OBS</span>
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">15:51:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Thanks, suseROCKs.
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">15:52:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   I hand you the scepter
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">15:52:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> The openSUSE Build Service 2.1 Beta1 will be released this week - final release planned in two weeks
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">15:52:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I've send some info to opensuse-marketing
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">15:53:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> I need a volunteer to write the Beta1 announcement and the final one.
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">15:53:07 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">will help</span>
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">15:53:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   Will we also do press release?
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">15:53:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> or just our standard news.o.o announcements?
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">15:54:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> we had 2.0 release in June/July and the changes are not that significant IMHO
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">15:54:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> AJ I was reading last jos article about OBS and I really like.... maybe the announcment can start from that post as basis
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">15:54:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">15:54:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> but we should distribute it widely nevertheless ;)
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">15:55:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro that one is generic, I think we should concentrate on the three top changes
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">15:55:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> well...  on that subject of OBS...  We do need to widely distribute it in talks as well.
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">15:55:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> ^^
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">15:55:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> remind peopel that openSUSE is a project, not a distro and that we do more than just a distro.  And that everyone in FOSS benefits from OBS, not just us.
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">15:55:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> +1
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">15:56:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> in general of course re-use is good, the article on obs is nice and has some numbers and other details which can be used for presentations and the press release
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">15:56:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but the focus of a press announcement is clearly different.
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">15:56:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, and I have both talked about developing an OBS brochure for events.   Although neither of us has had much time to sit down and do the writing yet.  But we definitely want to see more visibility out there
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">15:57:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> details about OBS 2.1 via http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-marketing/2010-09/msg00151.html
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">15:57:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> So, who volunteers to write the announcements?
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">15:58:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,  I'm honestly solidly booked before leaving town this weekend, or I'd do it.  ;-(
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">15:58:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde,   How abotu you?   You have been looking for some opportunities
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">15:58:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> hum...... I can be part of the time... but I have no experience at all to be owner of this
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">15:58:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> so this can be a good start
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">15:58:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> and folks... don't worry about perfect english when you write..   We're all here to help with wordsmithing.  just get the body meat done.
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">15:58:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I will help and offer guidance, I do have experience
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">15:59:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> exactly....  My mission since the beginning of the year is to see everyone have improved writing skills even if they never wrote before
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">15:59:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> suseROCKs that is my point... lousy english!
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">15:59:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> that's no excuse damnit
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">15:59:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> izabelvalverde,   who cares....  I don't.
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">15:59:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> we fix the english
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">15:59:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> it's about the content
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">15:59:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and if you want to know how a press announcement looks like
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">15:59:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> either google for a few
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">15:59:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> or I can tell you
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">15:59:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ...
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">16:00:01 </span><span class="nka">* gnokii</span> <span class="ac">serve izabelvalverde a mojito then is the english better :D</span>
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">16:00:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> what do you think if we do that toguether
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">16:00:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> izabelvalverde thinks it's a good idea, right? ;-)
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">16:00:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I believe we can do that
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">16:00:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I will help
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">16:00:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, izabelvalverde Do it early and ask for review on the marketing list ;)
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">16:00:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> set up a piratepad copy-paste what seems relevant and talk to me
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">16:00:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> perfect!
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">16:00:42 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">will help with review as well</span>
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">16:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">16:00:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I won't be available much tomorrow due to traveling
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">16:00:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> great!  We have an OBS writing team!!!
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">16:01:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Beta1 announcement is your test ;)
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">16:01:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">16:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">16:01:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> izabelvalverde, CarlosRibeiro Thanks!
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">16:01:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> where is action?
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">16:01:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">CarlosRibeiro and izabelvalverde to draft announcement of OBS Beta 1</span>
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">16:01:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> and of final as well ;)
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">16:01:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">16:01:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action  </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs to tell CarlosRibeiro where is action</span>
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">16:02:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> thank you guys for the opportunity ;)
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">16:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AJaeger,   As you are the scepter holder of this topic, I'm leaving up to you to decide when to close it  :-)
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">16:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> suseROCKs, in that case: I pass the scepter back to you and close
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">16:02:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok last and hopefully short topic:
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">16:03:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Marketing Team Meeting | Topic:  Miscellaneous and Q&amp;A</span>
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">16:03:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So... this is the part where if there's something not already in topic you feel needs to be discussed here and now or if you have any questions...  this is your opportunity!
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">16:04:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> as I'm not here from the beginnnig
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">16:04:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> sorry guys
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">16:04:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> One more thing I had in mind why not feature suse stdio apps at distrowatch gains visibility
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">16:04:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Not all but yes some
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">16:04:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> on regular intervals
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">16:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I don't know if was talked befre
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">16:04:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> but I would like to know if we talked about conference be streeam
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">16:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> manugupt1, I would call them appliances since apps reminds me of applications ;)
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">16:05:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> openSUSE Conference
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">16:05:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I must to leave
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">16:05:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> later guys!
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">16:05:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> to let others ambassadors that will not be able to joing in real world
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">16:05:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> manugupt1, the studio team does some of that already
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">16:05:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   I think jospoortvliet just mentioned that the rooms won't be streamed.  But we also agreed that we will seek volunteers to write nightly reports on news.o.o
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">16:05:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> AJaeger, I stand corrected. but what about the idea...
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">16:06:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> thanks
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">16:06:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   And last year we recorded our sessions and posted them at a later time.  I'm not sure if that's planned this time
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">16:06:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> manugupt1, showcasing some is a good idea but I see right now higher priorities
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">16:06:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Anyone know?
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">16:06:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> AJaeger, ok...
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">16:06:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> suseROCKs, if anybody volunteers, we can do it - so far no volunteers
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">16:07:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> manugupt1, I like the idea of showcasing interesting stuff.  OMG!SUSE does it.
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">16:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> How did we arrange the cameras last year?   Is this a marketing topic of concern or conf team topic of concern?
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">16:07:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> manugupt1, we can showcase cool application, usage of build service, cool appliances whatever - the complete spectrum...
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">16:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> Juergen Weigert helped with cameras
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">16:07:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> suseROCKs, Conf team IMO
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">16:07:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> one of ur problems is maybe u should not go trough such a meeting u want and listen what other ask
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">16:08:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> but sound was pretty bad and even worse - taping the stuff doesn't help
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">16:08:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,   What did I say I wanted?
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">16:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> yes AJaeger I like that too... right ok...
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">16:08:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> someone neet to convert the tape intom something consumable in the internet
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">16:08:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> and this didn't happen last year
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">16:09:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> michl I am sure that cams had xlr input and we used it not
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">16:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gnokii:</span> I don't know what xlr is
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">16:09:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;michl&gt;</span> I just know it didn't work last year
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">16:09:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> gnokii,   Answer the question
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">16:09:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gnokii&gt;</span> u mean take the sound directly from the mixer?
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">16:10:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> ok... if someone have this tapes send to me a copy that I can convert it to something internet usefull format
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">16:10:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Also one more thing how about an event template for our ambassadors to put events
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">16:10:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> on the wiki
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">16:10:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   that's ALOT to send  :-)
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">16:11:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> manugupt1, just do it
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">16:11:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> hummmm ok.... when you be in europe next week take all and bring to latinoware if you get the chance ;-)
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">16:11:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> AJaeger, I will, I was just not sure about taking liberties for templates
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">16:11:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> a reminder for everybody: We have a list of open jobs at http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Marketing_jobs
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">16:12:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok anything else?  Or is everyone ready to wrap up?
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">16:12:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> Please each grab one - many of the jobs have many sub jobs to do...
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">16:12:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> Yeah speaking of jobs...
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">16:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> I've been failing at mine
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">16:12:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> AJaeger ok
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">16:12:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Dominian,   which is that?
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">16:12:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I have a thing about wiki
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">16:12:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> wiki maintainer
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">16:12:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I will spread that page around brazilian ambassadors to see if someone wishs to pickup one
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">16:13:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> task
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">16:13:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> Work has gotten crazy buy in real life.. I think i've converted ONE article in the past few months..
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">16:13:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro,   Or better yet, spread it around at the main ambassador list so EVERYONE can get a chance
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">16:13:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> no problem
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">16:13:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Dominian,   Okay well you gave it your best shot.  And when you have time you can proceed.  In the meantime, no one is shooting an arrow at your ass.  :-)
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">16:14:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I have a point about MArketing wiki over here
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">16:14:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Please Categorize :)
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">16:14:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> good.. my ass can't take many more arrows
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">16:14:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> already configured like 5 cisco routers this week and about a dozen ASA firewalls ;)
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">16:15:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> write some wiki pages about it.  :-)
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">16:15:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> ok I think we can call this meeting a success and a wrap!  See you all in two weeks!
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">16:15:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">16:15:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> suseROCKs wears a bra.. blog about it!
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">16:15:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">16:15:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> By the way, I'll be in Europe during next meeting, but I'm pretty sure I can still be at our meeting.  If I cannot, I'll let someone know in advacne to run the meeting!
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">16:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> sorry had to get it in before you ended it
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">16:15:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;AJaeger&gt;</span> AI for everybody: Register for osc10 and book your travel!
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">16:15:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Thank you all!
<a name="l-413"></a><span class="tm">16:16:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Everyone  REGISTER for OSC10!</span>
<a name="l-414"></a><span class="tm">16:16:07 </span><span class="nka">* AJaeger</span> <span class="ac">waves to everybody</span>
<a name="l-415"></a><span class="tm">16:16:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
