<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-gnome: openSUSE GNOME Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-gnome: openSUSE GNOME Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by vuntz at 15:34:39 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">SONAR theme for gnome-shell</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-5'>vuntz</a>, 15:35:00)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">nmarques suggests to reach out to deviant-art
    artists to write a new gnome-shell/gtk+3 theme (possibly based on
    the sonar gtk+2 theme)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-41'>vuntz</a>,
    15:48:47)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we commit to
    package and ship the resulting theme, and based on further
    discussions and quality of the style we might consider using it as
    the default</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-65'>vuntz</a>,
    15:55:29)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">nmarques to
    contact deviant-art artists</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-70'>vuntz</a>,
    15:56:01)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Project Update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-76'>vuntz</a>, 15:57:04)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">GNOME 3.0.1 is in G:F/G:S:3.0 and will enter
    Factory soon</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-102'>vuntz</a>,
    16:03:26)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">G:N and home:fcrozat:gnome3 will disappear
    really soon</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-103'>vuntz</a>,
    16:03:41)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">we will have some build failures to fix in the
    next few weeks (for instance: old panel applets, old nautilus
    extensions, etc.)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-104'>vuntz</a>,
    16:04:02)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">openSUSE 12.1 will release with GNOME 3.2
    (3.2.0 for sure, 3.2.1 maybe or as online update?)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-131'>vuntz</a>,
    16:11:54)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">we focus on
    fixing build failures and making sure 3.0.1 rocks for M1, and then
    we move to 3.1.x for M2</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-146'>vuntz</a>,
    16:16:29)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GNOME 3 News, Feedback, Q&amp;A</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-149'>vuntz</a>, 16:17:05)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">People are happy, and are starting to play with
    extensions/themes</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-160'>vuntz</a>,
    16:21:13)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Q &amp; 1</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-168'>vuntz</a>, 16:24:33)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Q &amp; A</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-170'>vuntz</a>, 16:24:36)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://groups.google.com/group/yast2-gtk/">http://groups.google.com/group/yast2-gtk/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-211'>badshah400</a>,
    16:47:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lots of discussion about how to best integrate
    yast in GNOME 3</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-213'>vuntz</a>,
    16:47:57)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">badshah400 to
    discuss yast-gtk2 -&gt; yast-gtk3 migration with ricardo</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-214'>vuntz</a>,
    16:48:16)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">prusnak to
    lead discussion and propose resolution on how to integrate yast in
    GNOME 3</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-217'>vuntz</a>,
    16:48:55)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">badshah400 to
    write a .session file for compiz to appear in gdm</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html#l-245'>vuntz</a>,
    16:58:25)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 16:59:55 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-gnome.2011-05-05-15.34.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>nmarques to contact deviant-art artists</li>
  <li>badshah400 to discuss yast-gtk2 -&gt; yast-gtk3 migration with ricardo</li>
  <li>prusnak to lead discussion and propose resolution on how to integrate yast in GNOME 3</li>
  <li>badshah400 to write a .session file for compiz to appear in gdm</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> badshah400 <ol>
    <li>badshah400 to discuss yast-gtk2 -&gt; yast-gtk3 migration with ricardo</li>
    <li>badshah400 to write a .session file for compiz to appear in gdm</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> nmarques <ol>
    <li>nmarques to contact deviant-art artists</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> prusnak <ol>
    <li>prusnak to lead discussion and propose resolution on how to integrate yast in GNOME 3</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>vuntz (146)</li>
  <li>DimStar (32)</li>
  <li>nmarques (31)</li>
  <li>badshah400 (12)</li>
  <li>prusnak (11)</li>
  <li>malcolmlewis (9)</li>
  <li>bugbot (3)</li>
  <li>Ilmehtar (3)</li>
  <li>darkmatter (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
