<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-gnome log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:32:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE GNOME Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:32:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Thu Dec 15 15:32:03 2011 UTC.  The chair is vuntz. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:32:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:32:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> agenda for today;
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:32:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> 12.1 Feedback
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:32:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> Project updates
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:32:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> Q&amp;A
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:32:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> anything else people want to see discussed?
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:33:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> probably not.
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:33:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so let's go to the first topic
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:34:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">12.1 Feedback</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:34:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> how do people feel about the release?
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:34:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> and the development cycle we had?
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:35:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> I convinced my manager to move to 12.1 GNOME 3 and he was a KDE user. He was upset on the first day. but seem to be enjoying now. he felt network management works a lot better than it used to be.
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:35:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> s/felt/told
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:35:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> working fine here on the netbook :)
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:36:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> There are a few grumbles in the forum about gnucash
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:36:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> I am running 12.1 on my machine and it feels good. so nothing to worry about the release. regarding development cycle, i think we are overloading vuntz and DimStar with a lot of work. again, that is just my personal perception.
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:36:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ah, yeah, gnucash
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:37:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> this gnucash issue is annoying :/
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:37:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> psankar, yes they were busy gophers!!
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:37:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">gnucash issue is bad</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:37:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">but general feeling is good :-)</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:38:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">psankar:</span> oh, we're mostly overloading DimStar :-) I'm rather fine in general
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:38:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> malcolmlewis, ideally we should be helping them more often but most often we dont :( even though vuntz mentions about easy picks in m-l
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:38:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> it's worth mentioning that we got several people doing maintenance updates for 12.1
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:38:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> we cant solve that problem in a single meeting :-) but we should probably identify a way to get mroe active contributors
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:38:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:38:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> malcolmlewis and Ilmehtar did some
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:39:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:39:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> from a marketing/review point of view, every article i've read has been glowing in praise about our GNOME3 polish
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:39:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> and Ilmehtar's power off button ;)
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:39:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:39:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:40:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">psankar:</span> we probably want to try again to find small tasks for people
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:40:25 </span><span class="nka">* psankar</span> <span class="ac">had one issue with laptop not suspending if power is disconnected after the lid is clsoed</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:40:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> vuntz, yes. we should have a todo list maintained if possible
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:41:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> but then, maintaining it may burden you more :(
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:41:08 </span><span class="nka">* Ilmehtar</span> <span class="ac">couldn't reproduce psankar's problem, and tried, a lot</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:41:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> Ilmehtar, actually it is simple. close the laptop lid and then remove the power cable
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:41:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> Ilmehtar, machine wont suspend
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:41:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">psankar:</span> mine does
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:41:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">psankar:</span> more burden is fine if it helps more people do things
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:41:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcrozat&gt;</span> I think we should continue to empathize "this is a new environment, try it for a week to get used to it"
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:41:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> psankar, my netbook does too...
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:41:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> hmm
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:41:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">fcrozat:</span> +1 - worked on my boss
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:41:53 </span><span class="nka">* psankar</span> <span class="ac">is genuinely confused</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:42:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> Ilmehtar, fcrozat : on my boss too :)
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:42:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcrozat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">psankar:</span> I think federico is working on this
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:42:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> fcrozat, ah okay
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:42:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcrozat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">psankar:</span> worked with some people in Paris office too :)
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:42:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:42:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcrozat&gt;</span> but we need to teach people they'll lose their "balance" if they expect to get the exact same experience as before
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:43:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcrozat&gt;</span> and we should help them, maybe with some documentation for first start
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:43:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcrozat&gt;</span> (it is on upstream wiki but I don't expect people to go there and read it)
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:43:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">fcrozat:</span> me and a GCI student started on this..we took information from upstream and added our own as part of the polish up of Portal:GNOME
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:43:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> Ilmehtar, fcrozat malcolmlewis https://bugzilla.novell.com/show_bug.cgi?id=731294
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:43:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;fcrozat&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> excellent
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:43:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 731294 in openSUSE 12.1 (GNOME) "Laptop fails to suspend if power is removed after the lid is closed" [Major,New]
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:43:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> Ilmehtar, nice
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:44:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> i am surprised how it works for Ilmehtar and malcolmlewis :-) as the comment from glin seem to indicate nothign happens
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:46:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> vuntz, i think we can safely move to the project updates :-)
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:46:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;glin&gt;</span> ya, it's the default setting
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:46:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> just want to add a word that I feel we made progress in getting more people involved in doing changes in factory in this cycle
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:47:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:47:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> and I'm hoping we keep going in that direction
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:47:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> ditto
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:47:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> even one change a week (or a month) is helping a lot
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:48:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> not just from a technical perspective: the mere fact that it's not all done by one or two persons is important for the team feeling
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:48:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (and obviously, some people have more time than others, so we can't expect everyone to contribute all the time anyway ;-))
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:49:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">more people contributed this cycle, and we want to keep that direction!</span>
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:49:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok, next topic :-)
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:49:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Project updates</span>
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:49:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> most of the recent work was done by DimStar
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:50:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> Is it possible to create a list of changes required for spec files, new macros to use spdx.org changes etc to Factory?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:50:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so DimStar, do you want to talk quickly about the recent changes?
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:50:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> sure... I can give it a try
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:50:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">malcolmlewis:</span> "osc commit" should fix the license for you
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:50:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> we updated G:F to gnome 3.3.2 (fully updated, except empathy)
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:51:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> there is a change on the packaging guideline for shared libs / *.typelib files:
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:51:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> *.typelib are now to be split into their own subpackage, named typelib-1_0-&lt;typelibname&gt;-&lt;tlversion&gt;
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:52:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> We created dependency scanner for those files, and as a result any typelib package will drag in other typelib packages as needed and also the shared library
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:52:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> s/we/DimStar/
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:52:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> there are a few packages 'failing' to provide proper dependencies, mostly when the .gir file was hand written
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:53:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">GNOME 3.3.2 in G:F (except for empathy)</span>
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:53:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> a bunch of upstreams reference the library as 'libname' instead of 'libname.so.X', which gives requires: libname (which does not work)
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:53:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> some of them I patched, some I might have missed
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:53:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">New packaging guideline for typelib files (see discussion on opensuse-packaging)</span>
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:54:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> another bigger change is/was glib 2.31, which got stricter on including headers: only glib.h is allowed now (as a rule of dumb.. there are about 3 exceptions to it)
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:54:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> so a bunch of packages fail for this as well.
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:54:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> I fixed most of them in G:A by now.. .probably about a dozen left
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:56:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">glib 2.31 had some changes leading to build failures in tons of packages; mostly fixed now</span>
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:56:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> oh, one more addon on the .typelib front (sorry): shared libs that do not have the typelib split generally fail rpmlint checks for having excessive dependenices.. so we're now forced to split them :P
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:56:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> another thing to mention is the deprecation of %suse_update_desktop_file (as discussed on opensuse-packaging)
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:57:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> for packages that we target for factory only, we shouldn't use this macro anymore
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:57:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> either just drop it if it was called with no option
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:57:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> or replace it with desktop-file-edit (new in desktop-file-utils, will enter factory soon)
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:58:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> however, I'm unclear if we can do that right now
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:58:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> for instance, G:A packages build against 11.4 (where we need the macros)
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:58:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> and we might want to use the G:F packages to create a G:S:3.4 project for 12.1 later on
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:59:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (although for this latter case, we can simply add the new desktop-file-utils in G:S:3.4)
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">16:00:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> if anyone has an opinion on how to best deal with this, it's not too late: all options are open :-)
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">16:00:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> vuntz,  #info %suse_update_desktop_file is going away. alternative not clear yet. share comments on oS-packaging list ?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">16:01:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">%suse_update_desktop_file is being deprecated; should be removed (if used without options) or replaced with desktop-file-edit for Factory; unclear how to deal with this on old distros</span>
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">16:01:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> last thing: GNOME 3.3.3 is due next week
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">16:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so we'll likely have it in G:F before everything goes quiet with the end-of-year holidays
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">16:02:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> why? Are you planning on packaging it? :P
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">16:02:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> of course!
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">16:03:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">DimStar:</span> btw, I'm thinking of waiting for January before pushing G:F
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">16:03:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> no x-mas gift?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">16:03:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I hate waiting, but I'm not sure we can fix things we'll break if we push in the next few days
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">16:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> maybe I'm being too extreme, though
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">16:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> I had the feeling G:F became rather solid again.. so it might be worthy pushing before we break it again
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">16:05:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> but then, we'd also need to be sure that it enters Factory all togetther.
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">16:05:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> well, G:F itself is fine. But I'm afraid of glib breaking other packages in other projects
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">16:05:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> on the other hand... it's factory ;-)
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">16:05:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> it is.. and we DID warn about this.
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">16:06:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> true
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">16:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok, we'll push
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">16:06:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I guess that's all for the project update
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">16:07:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Q &amp; A</span>
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">16:07:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Guest41496&gt;</span> hi...how can i to set default window size for an application?
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">16:07:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> and you might have a geek or two with the time over the holidays to test their broken factory machines
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">16:07:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Guest41496:</span> https://live.gnome.org/DevilsPie
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">16:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> I have a question for sshaw  sreeves and federico1 to see what we can do to make meetings more easier for them to attend.
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">16:08:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> is there a timeline for the 12.2 background? :-)
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">16:08:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> but they seem to be afk now. so i will contact them offline
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">16:08:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> the team is working on submissions already, no formal timeline yet but I think 'sooner' rather than 'zomg 12.2 is nearly out panic' later
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">16:08:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> good!
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">16:09:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> what happened to the sonar them/icons development for GNOME3?
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">16:09:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> vuntz, i think we can add one #action item to everyone to go and vote in the board elections ;-)
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">16:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> s/them/theme/
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">16:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> and I've got some ideas and works-in-progress for tweaking 12.2's GDM with some kind of logo/branding
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">16:10:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">malcolmlewis:</span> I haven't tracked the theme recently
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">16:10:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> and if you haven't voted on the board elections, remember, you can vote for me! ;-)
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">16:11:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">malcolmlewis:</span> there's a new version at http://half-left.deviantart.com/art/Sonar-GTK3-254801661
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">16:11:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">malcolmlewis:</span> want to update gtk3-metatheme-sonar with the new tarball? :-)
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">16:11:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> oh, yeah, maybe share your gdm logo screenshot
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">16:11:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> vuntz, ahh ok :)
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">16:13:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> vuntz, will give it a shot :)
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">16:13:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> here's my starting point assuming we have a 12.2 wallpaper with a visible openSUSE logo http://www.sysrich.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/Screenshot-at-2011-12-05-225852.png
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">16:13:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> um..without a visible openSUSE logo even
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">16:13:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> and here's my plan B http://www.sysrich.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2011/12/Brand.png - it's all going to depend on how the 12.2 wallpaper turns out
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">16:15:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Guest41496&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> thanks..
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">16:15:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> I'd really love the wallpaper to not have a logo :-)
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">16:15:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> for you, I'll make sure my submission doesn't :)
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">16:15:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> oh, question for everyone: who's coming to FOSDEM?
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">16:16:11 </span><span class="nka">* psankar</span> <span class="ac">wishes he could :(</span>
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">16:16:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> Me! and according to the wiki I'm organising everything..especially the booth
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">16:16:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> s/booth/beer/
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">16:16:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> :-)
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">16:17:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">malcolmlewis:</span> henne's sending 'the kit'..so we should have at least 1000 bottles..
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">16:18:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> if you have a session for the distro miniconf..you have until the 22nd to get your request in
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">16:18:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">16:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I'll mail project about that
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">16:19:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> since I'm sure many people don't know about the deadline
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">16:19:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;DimStar&gt;</span> I'm planning to be there... as it's weekend time it should be doable again
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">16:20:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> oh cool, so I can give you work face 2 face rather than over IRC, nice
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">16:20:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;psankar&gt;</span> we may have to #endmeeting i believe :)
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">16:21:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> sorry, writing the fosdem mail :-)
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">16:21:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> yes, thanks to all!
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">16:21:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
