=======================
#opensuse-gnome Meeting
=======================


Meeting started by sreeves at 15:44:27 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-gnome/2011/opensuse-gnome.2011-02-17-15.44.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* 11.4 status and blockers  (sreeves, 15:46:46)
  * LINK: https://bugzilla.novell.com/show_bug.cgi?id=671844   (vuntz,
    15:50:20)
  * LINK: https://bugzilla.novell.com/show_bug.cgi?id=667873   (vuntz,
    15:50:43)
  * ACTION: sreeves to push on packagekit bug  (sreeves, 16:12:13)

* 11.4 wallpaper and GDM theme  (sreeves, 16:15:38)

* G:N status  (sreeves, 16:23:51)

* previous action items status  (sreeves, 16:35:05)
  * ACTION: fcrozat  to check on driver for r600 in xorg  (sreeves,
    16:38:29)
  * ACTION: psankar to spread the word about needing help for port of
    sonar to gtk3  (sreeves, 16:44:32)

* project update  (sreeves, 16:51:48)

* QA  (sreeves, 16:54:22)



Meeting ended at 17:15:57 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* fcrozat
  * fcrozat  to check on driver for r600 in xorg
* sreeves
  * sreeves to push on packagekit bug



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* metalgod (90)
* vuntz (83)
* sreeves (63)
* badshah400 (41)
* sshaw (24)
* nmarques (23)
* fcrozat (17)
* FunkyPenguin (10)
* DimStar (8)
* bugbot (6)
* Ilmehtar (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4