=======================================
#opensuse-gnome: openSUSE GNOME Meeting
=======================================


Meeting started by vuntz at 15:32:03 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-gnome/2011/opensuse-gnome.2011-12-15-15.32.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* 12.1 Feedback  (vuntz, 15:34:03)
  * gnucash issue is bad  (vuntz, 15:37:37)
  * but general feeling is good :-)  (vuntz, 15:37:51)
  * more people contributed this cycle, and we want to keep that
    direction!  (vuntz, 15:49:28)

* Project updates  (vuntz, 15:49:38)
  * GNOME 3.3.2 in G:F (except for empathy)  (vuntz, 15:53:11)
  * New packaging guideline for typelib files (see discussion on
    opensuse-packaging)  (vuntz, 15:53:39)
  * glib 2.31 had some changes leading to build failures in tons of
    packages; mostly fixed now  (vuntz, 15:56:10)
  * %suse_update_desktop_file is being deprecated; should be removed (if
    used without options) or replaced with desktop-file-edit for
    Factory; unclear how to deal with this on old distros  (vuntz,
    16:01:32)

* Q & A  (vuntz, 16:07:06)



Meeting ended at 16:21:56 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* vuntz (72)
* psankar (30)
* Ilmehtar (19)
* DimStar (18)
* malcolmlewis (11)
* fcrozat (7)
* bugbot (3)
* Guest41496 (2)
* glin (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4