<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-kde log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:03:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:03:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jan 26 15:03:05 2011 UTC.  The chair is wstephenson. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:03:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:03:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">mrdocs</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:03:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: mrdocs wstephenson
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:03:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> bugbot is
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:03:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Managing_KDE_meetings
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:03:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> exactly what i was looking for :)
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:04:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> llunak,llunak_,cb400f, anaumov, sebas,tigerfoot,tittiatcoke, javier,javier_, remur_030,mrdocs: meeting
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:04:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> and see the current agenda here http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:KDE_Meetings
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> msg chanserv op #opensuse-kde
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:06:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> '#meetingtopic Welcome to the openSUSE KDE community IRC meeting! Please wait with other discussion until the meeting is over. This meeting is logged.'
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:06:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">Welcome to the openSUSE KDE community IRC meeting! Please wait with other discussion until the meeting is over. This meeting is logged.'</span>
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:07:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Default Phonon backend</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:07:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-kde/2011-01/msg00073.html
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> sec
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> NP
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:07:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> old action items and status report first
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:07:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> ahh ok
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:07:35 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson</span> <span class="ac">edits the howto</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> anyone doing minutes?
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:07:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">old action items</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:07:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> I don't mind doing them unless someone badly wants to do them
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:07:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> ah no it's in
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:08:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> please go ahead :)
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:09:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> any old action items ?
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:09:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> well they should be in the archive, but 2011/1 is missing
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:09:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> so let's just leave those for now
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:09:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> im looking
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:09:52 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson</span> <span class="ac">knows he didn't do his</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:09:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> hmm.. there were many
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:10:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> any got a log of the last meeting ?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:10:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> anyone ?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:10:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> yes, probably me
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:10:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:10:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> yes it's in my logs, but digging through them will takre time
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> what was the date ?
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:10:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiathome&gt;</span> 12th
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:10:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> jan 12.. look in the mailing list archive
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:11:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:11:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> I'd serve up a link if I was subject to a dns conspiracy
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:11:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> my kde log here is 40 Mb
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:11:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-kde/2011-01/msg00050.html
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:11:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> danke
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:12:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> well i did 2/3
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:12:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> wrong.. http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-kde/2011-01/msg00022.html
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:12:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> http://paste.opensuse.org/65171355
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:13:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> good
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:13:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> wstephenson to contact i18n team with regards to openSUSE guides. Not done
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:13:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> but i just talked to ke yesterday and he seemed fairly chilled about 11.4
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:13:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> i18n. I'll ask
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:13:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> update wstephenson ?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:13:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> tht's teh one i forgot
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:13:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> i have the actions for that meeting
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:13:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> always :)
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:13:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">javier:</span> you're next: javier to contact Beineri with regards to the live cd listings on kde-apps.
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:14:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> I did
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:14:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> no response yet
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:14:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> results ?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:14:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> oki
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:14:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> any more ?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:14:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> nevertheless, I contacted Dirk regarding the kde-four-live&amp;kde-reloaded homepage
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:15:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> Ok good
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:15:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> he sent me a perl script and I improved it a lil bit
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:15:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> so is it taking care of itself now?
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:15:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> I don't know if that script is run automatically
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:16:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> I don't know how to get the version for packages
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:16:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> in a reliable way
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:16:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> since you could have a Live CD with package x.1 and in the repo packacge x.2
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:17:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> the other possibility is removing version numbers from that web page
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:17:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ie:</span> amarok 2.3.2 → amarok
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:18:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> needs more work then
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:19:10 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson</span> <span class="ac">shakes mrdocs</span>
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:19:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> so next
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">status reports</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:19:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> the action items are at the bottom
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> who wants to go first ?
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:20:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> ups
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:20:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> =)
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:20:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> tigerfoot think about how to execute next release cycle better
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiathome:</span> ^
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> ping
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:20:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> tittiatcoke think about how to execute next release cycle better
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:20:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> i think that was some autocomplete confusion, next point is for titti
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:20:58 </span><span class="nka">* mrdocs</span> <span class="ac">nods</span>
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:21:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiathome&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:21:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> you have the floor
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:21:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Thanks, but I have to see what the action item was :-)
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:22:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> 'enable tapping and disable while typing with 0.8
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:22:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> seconds' for synaptiks in kdebase4-opensuse config
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:22:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> done
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:22:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> That action item is still open. Nothing done there.
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:23:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:23:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:23:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> But it was just the action to think about a mutual calendar, etc
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:23:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> anyone tested the synaptic setup btw ?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:23:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> did it make ms6?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:23:43 </span><span class="nka">* remur_030</span> <span class="ac">got confused</span>
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:23:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i tested it outside the built package on 11.3
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:23:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> should be yes
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:23:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> synaptics done, but the calendar organisatiomn not?
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:23:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> yes
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:24:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> I'll try a new user on my 11.4 after I dup to ms6
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:24:15 </span><span class="nka">* remur_030</span> <span class="ac">ticks imaginary checkbox</span>
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:24:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">wstephenson review hal k3b 2.0.2 list</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:24:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> i saw someone working on that..
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:24:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> done, we should be hal-free
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:24:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> woot
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:25:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gpe&gt;</span> i can confirm that
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:25:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> good
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:25:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> wstephenson handle bnc#661844
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:26:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> done
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:26:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> novell 661844
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:26:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 661844 in openSUSE 11.4 (KDE4 Workspace) "Akonadi starts on login" [Normal,New] https://bugzilla.novell.com/661844
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:26:55 </span><span class="nka">* mrdocs</span> <span class="ac">sends a beers wstephenson's way</span>
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:27:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> nepomuk is also completely off on login on the livecd
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:27:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:27:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> Is akonadi supposed to start on login?
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:27:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> and did i see trueg might have a real fix ?
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:27:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> I noticed that same issue when testing the milestone in a VM
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:27:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> it starts on demand. some things were demanding it
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:28:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> ahh
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:28:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> the digital clock is deamining it
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:28:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> (krunners, plasma clock calendar)
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:28:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> the clock/ wow
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:28:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:28:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:28:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> color me surprised
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:28:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> yeah that clock is getting really funny lately
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">15:28:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> it has gnome clock envy
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">15:28:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> not nice to have 200MB to run a clock :S
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">15:28:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> Just think that's odd that a 'clock' needs akonadi
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">15:28:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> eh oh well
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">15:28:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> has to be a reason behind it
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">15:28:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> for calender reminders and such
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">15:28:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Dominian:</span> it's for calendar integration
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">15:28:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> yeah that's what I was thinking
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">15:29:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> so next
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">15:29:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Dominian&gt;</span> cool .. whatever.. as long as it works, I don't care :)  was curious is all
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">15:29:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> cb400f report kpk naming clash with sw_single
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">15:29:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sebas&gt;</span> it's possible to disable the calendar integration
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">15:29:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sebas&gt;</span> that would prevent akonadi from starting
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">15:29:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sebas&gt;</span> and the krunner contacts runner, that would start it as well
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">15:29:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> done
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">15:29:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sebas:</span> that's what i've done for the livecd
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">15:29:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sebas:</span>  i think also krunner has it on by default
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">15:30:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sebas:</span> is that build time or run time oiption?
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">15:30:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sebas&gt;</span> runtime
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">15:30:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> https://bugzilla.novell.com/show_bug.cgi?id=664083
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">15:30:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> cool thanks got a bug # ?
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">15:30:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 664083 in openSUSE 11.4 (KDE4 Workspace) "KPackageKit naming clash with sw_single" [Normal,New]
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">15:30:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> read my mind
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">15:30:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> great next
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">15:31:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> did you get around to putting the "show events" checkbox back in the ui?
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">15:31:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sebas:</span> http://gitorious.org/opensuse/kdebase4-opensuse/trees/master/config-files/usr/share/kde4/config/SuSE/default
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">15:31:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> no :/
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">15:31:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i decided nepomuk cpu was more important
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">15:31:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> indeed :-)
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">15:31:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> and technically it's 'forward' in the UI
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">15:32:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> next
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">15:32:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sebas&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> ah, thanks
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">15:32:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> rabauke write openSUSE:KDE_11.4_packagekit
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">15:32:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> maybe sebas can do us all a favour and break string freeze for 4.6.1 so users can have that option at their fingertips :-)
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">15:32:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> no rabuake, so next meeting
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">15:32:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> since I can't convince anyone that the default should be changed
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">15:33:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> rabauke ain't here
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">15:33:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> next
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">15:33:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;sebas&gt;</span> hehe, right
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">15:33:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> wstephenson to contact i18n team with regards to openSUSE guides.
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">15:33:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> not done
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">15:33:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:KDE_11.4_packagekit
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">15:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> ok for next meeting
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">15:33:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> looks done though
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">15:34:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> it seems we need to fix the pk-zypp backend
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">15:34:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> there already are some issues documented
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">15:34:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> to handle patches and package updates separately
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">15:35:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> duncanmv and i are going to take that on
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">15:35:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> I'll add that to status
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">15:35:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> tsk, tsk.. is there anything you don't have to do? ;-)
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">15:35:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> at least i don't have to worry about KR45 and KUSC ;)
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">15:36:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> unfortunately for wstephenson there are not enough of us with the deep code knowhow to fix these
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">15:36:44 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson</span> <span class="ac">has never seen the code before</span>
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">15:36:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> apparently there not enough zyppsters either
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">15:36:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> why o why did i study comp sci?
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">15:36:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">15:37:21 </span><span class="nka">* mrdocs</span> <span class="ac">notes he studied classical liberal arts.. my good excuse :)</span>
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">15:37:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> wstephenson to contact i18n team with regards to openSUSE guides.
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">15:37:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action?</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">15:37:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">15:37:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> practise makes perfect
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">15:38:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> times running short guys
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">15:38:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> chop chop
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">15:38:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">duncanmv  wstephenson to fix the pk-zypp backend</span>
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">15:38:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> ok ?
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">15:38:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">15:39:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Default Phonon backend - see thread on the list (cb400f)</span>
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">15:39:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> status!
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">15:39:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-kde/2011-01/msg00073.html
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">15:39:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">15:39:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> im going too fast.. remur_030 your rushing me :)
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">15:39:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> do we plan to have phonon 4.4.4? .. and should we change the default backend since upstream apparently don't want to maintain xine backend anymore
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">15:39:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">15:39:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#status</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">15:40:27 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson</span> <span class="ac">has been very busy fixing configuration, branding, testing nepomuk patches, being at 2 sprints, now trying to be creative in hackweek.EOT</span>
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">15:40:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> well if we can live with 4.4.3 i wont complain
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">15:41:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> xine just works TM
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">15:41:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gpe&gt;</span> https://bugs.kde.org/show_bug.cgi?id=240001
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">15:41:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> i would like to test it
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">15:41:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> KDE bug 240001 in Phonon (VLC backend) "Amarok crashes with phonon-vlc backend (XrmDestroyDatabase at Xrm c, Pulse related)" [Crash,Reopened]
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">15:41:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gpe:</span> thanks.. i wanted that link
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">15:41:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gpe&gt;</span> you welcome :)
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">15:41:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> there are quite a few issues with vlc backend in 4.4.3 ( no equalizer, no video in dragon player+amarok video widget)
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">15:42:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> yes.. i agrree
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">15:42:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> .. should prolly try out gstreamer, even though I'd rather not touch it
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">15:43:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> at least its not PA :-)
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">15:43:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> so 4.4.4 is a possibility?
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">15:43:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> and if so can we keep xine for one more rev ?
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">15:43:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> it will be a bit late
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">15:43:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> prolly best to just stick with 4.4.3+xine for 11.4 then
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">15:44:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> but i prefer to work a bit harder to get it in and tested now than handle BRs all through 11.4
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">15:44:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">15:44:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> well if vlc in 4.4.3 is unstable (and it's not in kdf yet) i suggest sticking to xine
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">15:44:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> maybe david plater will maintain phonon-backend-xine for 11.4+1 :-)
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">15:44:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> he does have a lot of sound apps know how
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">15:44:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> the vlc-backend would also require that OBS is having the vlc package.
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">15:45:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gpe&gt;</span> i am using gstremer with clementine but xine is the prefered default
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">15:45:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> any idea how much we would need to strip from vlc to make it legal in the OBS sense ?
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">15:45:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> vlc backend isn't realistic for 11.4
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">15:45:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> so we might as well save our breath
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">15:45:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> that would have to pass legal
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">15:46:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> true
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">15:46:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> We have a VLC package in Playground that has been stripped equally to Xine, but I don't know if that package would pass legal as it is now.
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">15:46:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> so we agree for the moment stick with 4.4.3+xine, unless a: someone updates xine and 4.4.4 works with it ?
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">15:46:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> ok good to know
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">15:46:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> according to phonon release mgr, 4.4.4 won't work worse with xine.
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">15:47:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> or without PA
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">15:47:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> PA at the moment works fine :-)
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">15:47:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> you mean it hauls in PA ?
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">15:47:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> what's the status here anyway, default PA or not?
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">15:47:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> I don't think so, but it has a better integration with PA
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">15:48:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> no not here..
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">15:48:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> phonon are now saying 'with PA is recommended for easy configuration'
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">15:48:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> in ms5 pa was installed but not running.. I filed a bug, but no response :-)
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">15:48:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> PA is taboo in yast :)
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">15:48:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> for me
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">15:48:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> https://bugzilla.novell.com/show_bug.cgi?id=661852
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">15:48:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> i have a bug open to enable it on KDE installs by default
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">15:48:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 661852 in openSUSE 11.4 (KDE4 Workspace) "PulseAudio not running in KDE" [Normal,New]
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">15:48:40 </span><span class="nka">* tittiatcoke</span> <span class="ac">hasn't detected any issues with running PA and Phonon</span>
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">15:48:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gpe&gt;</span> PA playes well with KDE4.6 for me
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">15:49:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> it's been fine for me as well
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">15:49:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> you are using vlc backend right?
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">15:49:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> yup
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">15:49:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> hm, how about an action point to test xine+phonon+pa ?
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">15:49:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> for those of us allergic to PA what would get pulled in  ?
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">15:50:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> and add gstreamer as well
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">15:50:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> on 11.4ms5 it's already pulled in.. just not running
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">15:50:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> but it's easy uninstall
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">15:50:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> i can live with that
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">15:50:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> so
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">15:50:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> action ?
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">15:50:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> the intention is to have it running
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">15:50:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> so phonon-gstreamer is also an option for 11.4?
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">15:50:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> but easy to disable and/or remove
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">15:51:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> phonon-PA-gstreamer is my preference for 11.4
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">15:51:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> then let's do this as testbench for next weeks?
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">15:51:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Do we already have somewhere the latest phonon package with the latest gstreamer backend ?
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">15:52:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> not yet no, i got as far as updating gstreamer to .32
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">15:52:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> not yet i do not think
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">15:52:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> in a branch in my home
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">15:52:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> würd glaub ich ganz gut passen
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">15:52:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Ok
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">15:52:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> whops, disregard that
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">15:52:35 </span><span class="nka">* cb400f</span> <span class="ac">switches to gstreamer backend and holds breath</span>
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">15:52:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> ah ok for us German challenged folks :)
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">15:52:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> ok folks we need to move on
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">15:52:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> so
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">15:53:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> sagte der matrose in der badestall auf dem gorch fock :P
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">15:53:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> badestall? =)
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">15:53:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> whatever they are called..
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">15:53:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> I propose  testbench for next weeks, test gsrteamer and new phonon when its available along with PA and also if xine will really work with 4.4.4 ?
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">15:54:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> will we have a place to get test phonon-gstreamer + pulseaudio combo for 11.3?
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">15:54:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> good question
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">15:54:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> i'll probably branch things out of kdf
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">15:55:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">wstephenson make phonon 4.4.4 pkgs</span>
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">15:55:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> next?
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">15:55:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> in playground for starters?
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">15:56:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> not important, i'll decide after
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">15:56:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> shall we move on
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">15:56:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">15:56:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> I will create a package for my unstable repo, based on the git repo's
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">15:56:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic</span><span class="topicline"></span>
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">15:56:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> anything we need to move fwd in the agenda if you are leaving?
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">15:56:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> Nope. Nothing from my side.
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">15:56:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Improve descriptions of KDE repos in the community repo list.</span>
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">15:57:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> who owns that?
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">15:58:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> rabauke
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">15:58:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> I also would like to know that :-)  Especially after the long discussions we have last year about the repo naming
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">15:58:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i think it's just about the repo descriptions text, not the names.
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">15:58:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> no rabauke, no discuss.
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">15:58:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> hehe.. yeah.. "updatedapps" and "extra" shouldn't need much explaining :-)
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">15:58:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Aha. Ok :-)
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">15:58:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> yes it's about the names
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">15:59:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> and the description text
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">15:59:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> and in the metadata shown in the community repo list
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">15:59:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> is that derived from the OBS metadata?
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">16:00:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> brb
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">16:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> I think it comes from some xml file somewhere.. doesn't it?
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">16:00:51 </span><span class="nka">* tittiatcoke</span> <span class="ac">has to leave now. Wishing everybody a good meeting.</span>
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">16:01:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> cu, thanks for coming!
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">16:01:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> bb tittiatcoke!
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">16:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> cu guys
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">16:01:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> I don't see anything wrong with it.. except "extra" refers to community, implying "updatedapps" etc. are not community repos
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">16:02:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> but not strictly wrong
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">16:04:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> well 'updated kde application' or 'non opensuse supported kde applications like xyz' sounds better to me
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">16:04:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> does this mean that we could get KRxy into the community repos list?
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">16:04:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> no
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">16:04:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> or is it just about current descriptions?
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">16:05:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">javier:</span> that's what rabauke is suggesting in the next point yes
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">16:05:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> but being in the list doesn't matter much.. e.g. KDF has a lot more users than Extra
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">16:06:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> what's the requirement to get something on the list?
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">16:06:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> first the kde community must agree we want it there.. secondly I think coolo said he'd only allow 2 repos for gnome and kde respectively
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">16:07:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> ... sooner or later we'd get every obs repo on there
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">16:07:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> it should be a short list of good and safe repos
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">16:08:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> I do not think we want to change what we have
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">16:08:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> sounds reasonable to me
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">16:08:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> Extras and Updated apps are good
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">16:08:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> and a KRxx seems dangerous to me
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">16:08:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> well extras used to be pretty dangerous with qt in there ;-)
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">16:09:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> ah no it was named community then
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">16:09:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> but now we have watch dogs
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">16:09:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> right :-)
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">16:09:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> if someone wants a big version bump, then we should point them to a wiki with potential pitfalls
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">16:09:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">16:09:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> eg new NVIDIA driver issues
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">16:09:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gpe&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/KDE_repositories is perfect for me
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">16:10:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> im a ferocious watch dog you know :)
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">16:10:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gpe&gt;</span> and very detailed
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">16:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> what is the factoid for our repos?
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">16:10:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> !kde-repos
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">16:10:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> brb
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">16:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> isn't it
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">16:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> i am very very fussy about new submissions to extras
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">16:10:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> !kde
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">16:10:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SUSEhelp&gt;</span> KDE is a Free and Open Source Desktop Environment for Linux and Unix flavours :: Please refer to http://en.opensuse.org/Portal:KDE for more information :: For latest OBS/Factory information; !kde4 :: Project homepage @ www.kde.org
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">16:10:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> and it's only at the bottom there =/
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">16:10:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> !kde4
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">16:11:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SUSEhelp&gt;</span> The openSUSE KDE portal can be found at http://en.opensuse.org/Portal:KDE - To upgrade, see http://en.opensuse.org/KDE_repositories - For newer KDE4 LiveCD's, see http://download.opensuse.org/repositories/KDE:/Medias/images/iso/
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">16:11:23 </span><span class="nka">* remur_030</span> <span class="ac">makes mental note</span>
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">16:11:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> so action ?
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">16:12:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> none, stick to current repos
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">16:12:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> oh, about the repo renaming
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">16:12:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> well perhaps we could add more details on  the wiki...
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">16:13:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> in my community list the description for both repos is good and even translated
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">16:13:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gpe&gt;</span> how about see what rabauke wanted next time?
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">16:13:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> so only the name remains, I don't really have any feelings about that, people who are interested in kde will click it to see the description
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">16:14:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> it's pretty clear.. question is if it's worth disturbing mr. kulow
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">16:14:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> ok i move on and defer this until next meeting ?
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">16:15:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">16:15:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> please
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">16:15:09 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson</span> <span class="ac">needs to leave soon too</span>
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">16:15:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">discussion on repo naming etc to deferred to next meeting</span>
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">16:16:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> btw, i look at the http://en.opensuse.org/KDE_repositories looks good to me - except we need a link to possible problems/tipa
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">16:16:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> eg
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">16:16:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> NVIDIA and reseting plasma
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">16:16:39 </span><span class="nka">* mrdocs</span> <span class="ac">waves at bitshuffler</span>
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">16:17:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Q &amp; A misc</span>
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">16:17:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> I have one:
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">16:17:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> How about this meeting time being earlier ?
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">16:17:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> didn't we just make it earlier?
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">16:17:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">16:18:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> so no complaints ?
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">16:18:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> ok with me
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">16:18:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gpe&gt;</span> Discussion about how to name git based packages. Date or unix timestamp? No final decision.
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">16:18:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gpe:</span> unix
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">16:18:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gpe&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">16:18:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> it was decided
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">16:18:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> hearing none we keep it to 1500 UTC
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">16:18:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> more precise
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">16:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> although i can't have a beer with the meeting when it is in the office...
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">16:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> i'll send an extra when you get home :)
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">16:19:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> use a brown bag
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">16:19:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> ha ha
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">16:19:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> that way lies danger...
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">16:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> anyone else have questions ?  comments ? flames ?
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">16:20:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;boser&gt;</span> <span class="hi">qbit:</span> i use kde 4.4.4 an have folowing problem:
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">16:21:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;boser&gt;</span> i want use the usb-stick today and he only allow me to use it as root and not as a user?
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">16:21:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">boser:</span> i think you need to change that in policykit
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">16:22:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;boser&gt;</span> ok, thx
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">16:22:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin_&gt;</span> hi
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">16:22:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> what filesystem is on it? did this specific usb stick work before?
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">16:22:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin_&gt;</span> any announcements today?
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">16:22:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> does kde 4.6 announcement count?
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">16:22:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alin_:</span> nothing extraordinary.. 4.6.0 is making its way to mirrors
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">16:22:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;boser&gt;</span> yes it works untill i make a zypper up last night.
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">16:22:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> good good...
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">16:23:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> do we have a kdereloaded for it or an unofficial live cd?
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">16:23:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">javier:</span> ? ^^
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">16:23:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i'm out
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">16:23:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> I guess you can wrap up the emeting
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">16:23:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> thanks ttyl
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">16:23:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
