<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-kde log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:16:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:16:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jun 22 15:16:21 2011 UTC.  The chair is cartman. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:16:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:16:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">Welcome to the openSUSE KDE community IRC meeting! Please wait with other discussion until the meeting is over. This meeting is logged.</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:16:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> Hello everyone! =)
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:17:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">old action items</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:17:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">Welcome to the openSUSE KDE community IRC meeting! Please wait with other discussion until the meeting is over. This meeting is logged.</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:17:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> uhm bugbot not working?
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:18:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> can you op bugbot too pls?
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:18:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> back, with baby
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:19:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> so mrs bille is in some important call and bille jr woke up
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:19:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> where are we?
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:19:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> =)
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:19:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> did you find the mgmt links?
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:19:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> bugbot needs op to move on
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:19:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:19:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> i op it as required for meetings
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:19:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> as you seem to have done
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> hmm changing topic didn't work though
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:20:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> apparently the uk team at the 2012 olympics may have to compete naked if my wife doesn't give this call her undivided attention.
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:20:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> try again.. I just op'ed it
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:20:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#meetingtopic </span><span class="cmdline">Welcome to the openSUSE KDE community IRC meeting! Please wait with other discussion until the meeting is over. This meeting is logged.</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:20:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> ok, old action items
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:20:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> do we have any ?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:20:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> let's pretend not.
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">status report</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:21:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> whats the status of 4.7 packages in KDF?
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:21:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> i am in progress porting KDF fixed to KUSC
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:21:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> then i will copy KUSC back to KDF
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:22:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> at the same time, dirk is doing 4.7beta2 in a clone of KUSC
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:22:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> ok, is any help needed from us atm. ?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:22:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> once he has go tthe final tarballs done, and i have moved 4.7 to KDF, he will repeat the upload, with KDF as target.
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> sounds like a plan, cool
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:23:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> i will post the list of packages to fix in KUSC to the list now
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:23:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:23:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> you could help there if you want to, it's mostly just fiddly manual work
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:23:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> a few things need rediffing
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:23:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> the usual stuff :)
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:23:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">wstephenson Post list of packages to fix in KUSC</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:23:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> then is not bad...
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:24:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> anything else from your side?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:24:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> no, titti did most of the work
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:24:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> naked UK olympic team...
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:24:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> no, that's all i've been doing.
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:24:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alin:</span> down boy!
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:24:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> we approve naked olympics
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:24:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> agenda item++: my parental leave
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:25:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> ok do we somehow add it to agenda? #agenda something?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:25:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dirkMob&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> the test project is in KDE:Release:47
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:25:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> no
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> ok
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:25:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dirkMob&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> not with the final tarballs yet
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:25:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dirkMob:</span> cool!
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:25:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dirkMob:</span> when is your holidays starting?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:27:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> From my side, I'll start fixing packages from the list wstephenson_ posts
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:27:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dirkMob&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> holidays?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:27:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">cartman start fixing packages from the list wstephenson posts</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:27:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dirkMob:</span> usual 2 weeks summer holiday? :)
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:27:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> wasn't dirk just on holiday?
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:27:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> even better then :)
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:27:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dirkMob&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> I just had vacation, although I can barely remember it anymore :)
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:28:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dirkMob:</span> sorry! :)
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:28:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dirkMob&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> next vacation is not before end of september
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:28:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> nice to know the suse machine is working properly then
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:28:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> ok anyone else want to give updates?
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:28:23 </span><span class="nka">* mrdocs</span> <span class="ac">waves</span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:28:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> sory im late
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> please
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:29:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> any updates?
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:29:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> maybe it should be mentioned that javier created kr46/kdepim46
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:29:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> Yes
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:29:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> i pushed scribus 1.4.0.rc5 into Factory
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:29:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> thanks for that =)
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:29:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> last rc i think then 1.4 final
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:29:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> and
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:29:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> then i will prepare a maintenance update for 11.4
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:30:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> why so many RCs fixing OSC and Ubuntu bugs :S
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:30:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> +?
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:30:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> thats life
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:30:43 </span><span class="nka">* mrdocs</span> <span class="ac">nods</span>
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:30:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> but its really solid now
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:30:54 </span><span class="nka">* javier</span> <span class="ac">is half-present</span>
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:30:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> so for 12.1
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:31:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> kde 4.7
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:31:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> pim migration from 4.4 to 4.7 tested
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:31:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> nm 0.9 working
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:31:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> Thanks cb400f reminding me that we now have a kdepim46 project under KR46, thanks to javier
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:31:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> we need to test kdepim46 heavily
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:31:29 </span><span class="nka">* mrdocs</span> <span class="ac">nods</span>
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:31:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> i have tasked maxlin with that
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:31:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">maxlin finish 4.4 to 4.7 kdepim migration tests</span>
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:32:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> I'll myself switch to KMail v1 first for my IMAP account
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:32:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> and do an update
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:32:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> atm to 4.6, that should give us a repeatable set of tests we can use going forward
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:32:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> i would also like to get maxlin active with the community
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:32:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> I think I'll try moving my 11.4 pim data/settings to the laptop when 4.7 gets into factory and see how bad it goes
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:32:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> very nice
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:32:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> maybe sharing his experiences with joining us in a blog
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:33:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> "factory" = kdf/11.4 in this case
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:33:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> maxlin is ?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:33:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> the important thing to remember with pim is that it is migration that will create pain for users, not clean installs
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:33:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> we can do that after management things are over later this month
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:33:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> for repeatitive test, I can set an account with for exemple all opensuse-ml lists in it, wstephenson_ just forward the word to maxlin if he need that
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:33:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">mrdocs:</span> our new booster in beijing, who we freed from the gnome SLED dungeon
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:34:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> that would be useful for us
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:34:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> LOL
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:34:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> put an action to ping me back (as I'm a bit away of my office just now, and could forget )
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:34:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> kdepim gave us headaches before and its coming even more stronger now
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:34:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">tigerfoot create dummy mail accounts with opensuse-mls inside</span>
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:35:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> i'll get him to document and share his test protocols on the wiki, so we can all do the same tests
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:35:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">tigerfoot, renew also the cardav/caldav test server</span>
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:35:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> anyone else want to give updates?
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:35:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> apart from that i don't expect a lot of pain from 4.7, upstream are trying to take it steady with the desktop while -active gets the new features
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:36:02 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">can plug several tests accounts if needed ..</span>
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:36:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> I'll ask for one!
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:36:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> I can bravely test when its not my main account ;)
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:36:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;mrdocs&gt;</span> guys go to run... bbiaw
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:36:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> regarding active, do we want to make it/netbook more prominent in 12.1?
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:36:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> if so, add it to kdm as a session
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:37:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> might also be a good starter task for maxlin
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:37:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> no harm in adding a kdm session for it
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:37:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dirkMob&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> is it already in factory?
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:37:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> aren't it already available in 4.6.4 ?
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:37:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">sebas_:</span> are you around?
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:38:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> we have a KDE:Active project inside OBS
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:38:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> but I don't think its stable enough to push to factory
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:38:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> we can however do live Active CDs
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:38:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dirkMob:</span> cartman is right
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:39:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> basically there are 4-5 additional packages that go on top of 4.7, that upstream are maintaining in KDE:Active
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">15:39:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> lets just do a live cd in time for 12.1 with Active then ?
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">15:40:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dirkMob&gt;</span> hmm
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">15:40:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> i think by the time 12.1 is done it might be worth including
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">15:40:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dirkMob&gt;</span> will it be stable until 12.1 ?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">15:40:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dirkMob:</span> supposed to be, yes
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">15:40:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> just a question, during your hollidays (:-) who maintain pnm 0.9 ?
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">15:40:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> just doing a livecd will be duplicating what downstream are doing with the Balsam live images
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">15:40:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> i'll get to that when we are done discussing active
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">15:41:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> we can push them to Factory when they are stable, need sebas' input here
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">15:42:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> lets discuss this with sebas first?
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">15:43:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> ok, but keep in mind he has his own schedule for openslx
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">15:43:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> well we can do the work, I just need an idea about how stable Active is, will be.
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">15:43:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> atm it's hot
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">15:44:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> regarding PNM
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">15:44:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> hot things are bad for body ;)
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">15:44:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> i'm happy to keep upstream (lamarque's) nm09 codebase in factory
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">15:44:40 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">open the window (cartman recomandation)</span>
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">15:44:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> Let me switch to Q&amp;A
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">15:45:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> i will keep working on my branch and hopefully will merge them before 12.1
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">15:45:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Q&amp;A, misc</span>
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">15:45:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> ok for the moment we have two branches ...
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">15:45:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> can we ask maxlin to do tests with new pnm too?
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">15:45:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> he did some wireless work already
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">15:46:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> and wwan testing is important ( painfull as it always cost money )
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">15:46:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> I have no idea about testing wwan
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">15:46:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> if needed, not sure if he has test hardware for it
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">15:46:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> ouch
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">15:46:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> i can test wwan
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">15:46:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> I can test basic WEP/WPA/802.1x
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">15:46:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> i thought you had wwan at home?
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">15:47:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> wwan means tethering?
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">15:47:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> and you can test openvpn
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">15:47:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> no, 3g/umts
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">15:47:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> uhm no I tether :-)
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">15:47:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> wwan = 3g umts hdspa etc ...
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">15:47:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> I can test openvpn yes.
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">15:48:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> np
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">15:48:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> so just leaves us with someone testing wwan, which wstephenson_ can do, ok :)
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">15:48:13 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">able (already) openvpn, umts, wifi abg (not n)</span>
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">15:48:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> well i can test umts, got 2 sets of hardware
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">15:48:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> if you want to start popping sims, i can give you a usb surfstick
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">15:48:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> iirc titti and alin have mobile broadband too
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">15:48:33 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">+ ipv6 :-)</span>
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">15:48:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> where maxlin could help is with CDMA
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">15:48:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> if you have a spare one, sure
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">15:49:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> (when i get my branch merged, lamarque's comments out cdma support)
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">15:49:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">15:49:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> any more q's on PNM?
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">15:49:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> will test results with lamarque's stuff still be valid after the merge?
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">15:49:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> no but in the worst case we
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">15:49:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> the 3g stuff will need retesting
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">15:49:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> we'll go with lamarque's code
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">15:49:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> the rest is the same
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">15:49:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> +1
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">15:49:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> hacknight during osc11 with pizza :-)
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">15:50:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> ok.. not so bad then :-)
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">15:50:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> we should not fear to report bugs, so we know how bad the situation is
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">15:50:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> there is a red voda PCMCIA card you can have now on my test machine desk
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">15:50:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> i will give you the surfstick too
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">15:50:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> boys do not destroy the 3G support again... you force me to go to pub
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">15:50:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alin:</span> we'll be gentle
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">15:51:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alin:</span> its OK if its a British pub
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">15:51:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> somehow  :P
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">15:51:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> I am in Dublin... so going to a british pub.. would not be very ok
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">15:51:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> heheh
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">15:51:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> s/Brit/Ir
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">15:52:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> other Q's?
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">15:52:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> so pim &amp; pnm are our focus areas
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">15:52:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> now that titti is away... do we still get weekly unstable?
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">15:52:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> branding is a minor but important 12.1 feature
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">15:52:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alin:</span> probably not until he gets back from holidays
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">15:52:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> but you get 4.7rc1 next week anyway
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">15:53:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alin:</span> I'd rather not break his stuff
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">15:53:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> but yeah
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">15:53:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> Dirk will update us anyhow
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">15:53:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> good... let us hope todays update is fine
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">15:53:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alin:</span> i am tinkering with KUSC anyway
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">15:53:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> I am on qt48 repo so...
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">15:53:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">javier:</span> any info on 12.1 branding?
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">15:53:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> for branding, should we also take care of upstream branding packages?
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">15:54:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> I have some thing... there are few packages with only one file...
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">15:54:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> they are automatically generated from the upstream tarballs
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">15:54:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> should not we just try to merge them
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">15:54:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> kde-session is one of them
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">15:54:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> when the theme name changes you need to add it o the file list, that's all
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">15:54:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> ah ok
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">15:55:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> i'll clean up and finish the branding howto in my evenings
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">15:55:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> not really. Robert will talk with the SUSE Studio people about it
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">15:55:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> ah wait
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">15:56:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">javier:</span> why, are garrett and andy fitz doing opensuse branding now?
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">15:56:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier&gt;</span> that's regarding the based on openSUSE branding
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">15:58:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alin:</span> they are separate packages so that people can change things by installing packages
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">15:58:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> merging packages does not gain anything
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">15:59:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> you may get some internal flak because the groupwise kresource won't work in pim 4.6
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">15:59:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> gah
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">15:59:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> of course it gains... saves obs...
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">15:59:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> its only working half of the time now
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">15:59:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> but they can use evo, the java client, or the web client. or resource maintaining that properly
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">15:59:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> but I do not see why someone would like the .desktop file to start kde without the kde...
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">16:00:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> ok I'll keep that in mind
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">16:00:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alin:</span> there is more than one kde session now
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">16:00:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> just so you can give them an enlightened fsck off
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">16:00:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> heheh
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">16:01:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> other than that, systemd might give us some problems at the kdm level
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">16:01:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> they say it won't but i don't trust them
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">16:01:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> We'll keep a close eye on that
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">16:01:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> if you can encourage our community to test factory in systemd mode as early as possible, it would be great
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">16:02:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> I'll try that when its stable
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">16:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> its too broken atm.
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">16:02:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> is systemd currently default in m1 (m2?)
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">16:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> for systemd I've some trouble to connect the dbus socket but don't have time to debug it.
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">16:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cb400f&gt;</span> hmm
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">16:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> I don't think so
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">16:02:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> perhaps fcrozat has already fixed that ...
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">16:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> lets always report those bugs
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">16:02:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> don't wait until you can debug it
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">16:03:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> at least for systemd
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">16:04:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cartman:</span> if I can't connect to internet I can't report them with error messages etc ... but anyway it on it's way
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">16:04:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> have some internet sir, then
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">16:05:23 </span><span class="nka">* tigerfoot</span> <span class="ac">ask God to push a bit the fiber arrival here :-)</span>
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">16:06:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> cartman are you cc'ed on the systemd umbrella bug?
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">16:06:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> not yet, I'll add myself
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">16:07:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> bnc#696902
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">16:07:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> ok, i gtg
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">16:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> final from me:
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">16:07:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">16:07:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> parentlal leave
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">16:08:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> have fun!
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">16:08:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> w8
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">16:08:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> i am away from monday
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">16:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> until sept 1
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">16:08:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> i will still be around as a community guy
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">16:08:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> so be nice to me :)
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">16:08:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> we'll :)
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">16:09:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> i hope to get into blogging again
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">16:09:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> that would be nice :)
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">16:09:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">16:09:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> anyone else before finishing up? :)
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">16:10:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> alright
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">16:10:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cartman&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
