=====================
#opensuse-kde Meeting
=====================


Meeting started by Bille at 15:22:46 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-kde/2011/opensuse-kde.2011-03-16-15.22.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* old action items  (Bille, 15:25:22)
  * ACTION: wstephenson ask maintenance team how to replace knm with pnm
    (Bille, 15:45:32)

* 11.4 marketing rally and announcement  (Bille, 15:59:55)

* Going forward with KDE:Unstable:SC (tittiatcoke)  (Bille, 16:01:46)
  * ACTION: wstephenson talk to dirk about KUSC updating scripts
    (Bille, 16:08:34)
  * ACTION: wstephenson talk to dirk about KUSC scripts  (Bille,
    16:27:19)

* when to start 11.5 stuff (wstephenson,sebas)  (Bille, 16:33:26)

* Q&A, Misc  (Bille, 16:39:26)



Meeting ended at 16:44:23 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* Bille (158)
* remur_030 (47)
* sebas (43)
* tittiatcoke (40)
* cb400f (21)
* jospoortvliet (18)
* krop (18)
* javier (17)
* siddharths (13)
* alin (5)
* cartman (4)
* dragotin (2)
* bugbot (2)
* adrianS (2)
* mrdocs (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4