=======================================================================================================================================================
#opensuse-kde: Welcome to the openSUSE KDE community IRC meeting! Please wait with other discussion until the meeting is over. This meeting is logged.'
=======================================================================================================================================================


Meeting started by wstephenson at 15:03:05 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-kde/2011/opensuse-kde.2011-01-26-15.03.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Default Phonon backend  (mrdocs, 15:07:00)
  * LINK: http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-kde/2011-01/msg00073.html
    (mrdocs, 15:07:11)

* old action items  (mrdocs, 15:07:47)
  * LINK: http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-kde/2011-01/msg00050.html
    (cb400f, 15:11:45)
  * LINK: http://paste.opensuse.org/65171355   (remur_030, 15:12:10)

* status reports  (mrdocs, 15:19:45)
  * ACTION: wstephenson review hal k3b 2.0.2 list  (mrdocs, 15:24:28)
  * LINK: https://bugzilla.novell.com/show_bug.cgi?id=664083   (cb400f,
    15:30:30)
  * LINK: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:KDE_11.4_packagekit
    (remur_030, 15:33:39)
  * ACTION: ?  (wstephenson, 15:37:41)
  * ACTION: duncanmv  wstephenson to fix the pk-zypp backend  (mrdocs,
    15:38:29)

* Default Phonon backend - see thread on the list (cb400f)  (mrdocs,
  15:39:10)
  * LINK: http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-kde/2011-01/msg00073.html
    (mrdocs, 15:39:25)
  * LINK: https://bugs.kde.org/show_bug.cgi?id=240001   (gpe, 15:41:07)
  * LINK: https://bugzilla.novell.com/show_bug.cgi?id=661852   (cb400f,
    15:48:24)
  * ACTION: wstephenson make phonon 4.4.4 pkgs  (wstephenson, 15:55:06)

*   (mrdocs, 15:56:21)

* Improve descriptions of KDE repos in the community repo list.
  (mrdocs, 15:56:54)
  * LINK: http://en.opensuse.org/KDE_repositories is perfect for me
    (gpe, 16:09:45)
  * ACTION: discussion on repo naming etc to deferred to next meeting
    (mrdocs, 16:15:32)

* Q & A misc  (mrdocs, 16:17:11)



Meeting ended at 16:23:45 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* wstephenson
  * wstephenson review hal k3b 2.0.2 list
  * duncanmv  wstephenson to fix the pk-zypp backend
  * wstephenson make phonon 4.4.4 pkgs
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * ?
  * discussion on repo naming etc to deferred to next meeting



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* mrdocs (136)
* wstephenson (84)
* remur_030 (59)
* cb400f (44)
* tittiatcoke (18)
* javier (16)
* Dominian (11)
* gpe (10)
* bugbot (7)
* sebas (6)
* boser (4)
* alin_ (4)
* SUSEhelp (2)
* tittiathome (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4