=============
#osem Meeting
=============


Meeting started by KalabiYau at 15:00:26 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/osem/2014/osem.2014-08-26-15.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Curreant status and retrospective of Борщ milestone  (KalabiYau,
  15:00:54)
  * KalabiYau did not done so much this sprint as was buried under an
    office problems. Nevertheless, light is ahead for him :)
    (KalabiYau, 15:04:12)
  * gopesh delivered delete users task (some concerns here) - still
    should be merged, keynote speakers - WIP  (KalabiYau, 15:06:19)
  * continued with the refactoring and finished so far the registration
    period. From my commited issues there are still #418 and #419 open
    which are almost done (some failing tests and waiting for review).
    (KalabiYau, 15:06:39)
  * Chrisbr continued with the refactoring and finished so far the
    registration period. From my commited issues there are still #418
    and #419 open which are almost done (some failing tests and waiting
    for review).  (KalabiYau, 15:07:27)
  * differentreality reported authorization is done (pending some
    rewriting as we discussed with KalabiYau, but that's gonna be a
    different thing on its own later on).  (KalabiYau, 15:08:57)
  * bear454  reported: I've got a working app.json for automated
    deployment to heroku, using cleardb (mysql) addon; working on rake
    tasks to automate setup - esp. heroku's secret generator.
    (KalabiYau, 15:09:53)
  * overall user deletion is not yet done, as some loose ends are
    present. Still some work to be done  (KalabiYau, 15:11:45)
  * henne took care of events.o.o  (KalabiYau, 15:14:41)

* release 0.1 planning  (KalabiYau, 15:34:31)
  * AGREED: that  #1 for me would be #215,  #2 would be easier
    installation,  #3 easer admin interface would be our definition of
    0.1  (KalabiYau, 15:35:06)
  * AGREED: to have  several sprints before release 1. Stabilization, 2.
    Admin Interface, 3. Onboarding, 4. Installation + Release
    (KalabiYau, 15:39:51)

* sprint name  (KalabiYau, 15:42:02)
  * AGREED: on stabilization sprint name - Squash  (KalabiYau, 15:45:43)
  * AGREED: 8th is a deadline  for Squash  (KalabiYau, 15:47:39)
  * AGREED: 0.1 should be released on or before Nov30, no excuses
    (KalabiYau, 15:50:34)



Meeting ended at 15:51:14 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* KalabiYau (157)
* henne (69)
* gopesh (30)
* differentreality (20)
* bear454 (19)
* Chrisbr (8)
* bugbot (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4