<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by ddemaio at 20:00:03 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Elections will run from April 15 to April
    27.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html#l-10'>ddemaio</a>,
    20:01:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Format of Debate</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html#l-11'>ddemaio</a>,
    20:01:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Each of the candidates will have a chance to
    respond to the questions presented. The order of response will be
    alphabetically, unless specified by a question for a direct
    candidate. Aaron, Ana, Gerry, Gertjan and Simon.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html#l-12'>ddemaio</a>,
    20:01:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Aaron - aluna</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html#l-14'>ddemaio</a>,
    20:01:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Ana - Ana06</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html#l-15'>ddemaio</a>,
    20:01:16)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Gerry - Fraser_Bell</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html#l-16'>ddemaio</a>,
    20:01:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Gertjan - knurpht</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html#l-17'>ddemaio</a>,
    20:01:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">Simon - Simotek</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html#l-18'>ddemaio</a>,
    20:01:21)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Many developers come from Europe and US, but I believe many new users are coming from the other parts of the world like Asia and South/Latin America. Users are important in open source development they can help to give feedback to developers. Any plan to increase the involvement of users from this part of the world? How all the candidates view this condition?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html#l-23'>ddemaio</a>, 20:02:19)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://anamaria.martinezgomez.name/2018/02/15/gsoc-in-indonesia.html">http://anamaria.martinezgomez.name/2018/02/15/gsoc-in-indonesia.html</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html#l-37'>Ana06</a>,
    20:08:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">We're trying hard to reach out our communities, in Indonesia alone there are 4,225 members of openSUSE Indonesia facebook group. We use any means that we feel is easiest to communicate to the community. Currently we use Telegram group and it has around 300 users. IRC is good for developer communication, but new generation usually do not use it, they prefer instant messaging like telegram, whatsapp etc</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html#l-66'>ddemaio</a>, 20:19:52)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">I maybe don't have good knowledge about the Board division of work, but from wiki the main task for board are communication facilitator and as point of contact representing community. What all candidates comment about the current condition of all the tasks, how that tasks distribute among the Board members, and what is your plan to improve that condition?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html#l-103'>ddemaio</a>, 20:34:41)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Question 2  - What's your opinion about mailing list moderation?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html#l-139'>ddemaio</a>, 20:50:49)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Question 7 - What do you believe will be the biggest challenge for the openSUSE Project in the next five years?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html#l-170'>ddemaio</a>, 20:59:22)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 21:15:41 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>(none)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>ddemaio (58)</li>
  <li>Fraser_Bell (34)</li>
  <li>Ana06 (30)</li>
  <li>aluna (21)</li>
  <li>Simotek (20)</li>
  <li>knurpht (18)</li>
  <li>Simotek-Simon (7)</li>
  <li>Mir (6)</li>
  <li>terrorpup (4)</li>
  <li>bugbot (3)</li>
  <li>foursixnine (2)</li>
  <li>sysrich (2)</li>
  <li>rawtaz (1)</li>
  <li>tacit (1)</li>
  <li>robin_listas (1)</li>
  <li>Sleep_Walker (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
