<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by ddemaio at 18:00:16 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Welcome to the first meeting leading up to the
    openSUSE Conference 2019. I’m going to post by topic. We can discuss
    the topic. I’ll add the info. If you want to add info to the topic,
    put a hashtag info, hashtag idea, hashtag link. I will post the
    meeting minutes to the opensuse-project mailing list after the
    meeting.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-6'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:00:54)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-8'>ddemaio</a>, 18:01:25)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Registration 28, Submissions 8</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-9'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:01:25)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Keynotes</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-14'>ddemaio</a>, 18:03:38)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Scott Chacon, (GitHub cofounder) and Thomas
    Graf  (Cilium)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-15'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:03:39)</span></li>
  <li><a href="https://cilium.io/">https://cilium.io/</a>  <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-17'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:05:06)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">ask Thomas if
    he would provide a technical talk about Cilium in greater detail in
    addition to his keynote</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-21'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:08:35)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Marketing Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-23'>ddemaio</a>, 18:08:58)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">An advertisement will be in Linux Magazine from
    December to April. I will print fliers. Opportunities to hand out
    fliers at Chemnitz Linux Tage, FOSDEM, SCaLE, openSUSE Summit
    Nashville (SUSECon)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-24'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:08:58)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">contact
    ddemaio@opensuse.org if you would like me to mail some fliers to
    you</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-25'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:10:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Trello Cards</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-28'>ddemaio</a>, 18:15:11)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">The Trello board needs some updates. Most of
    the cards can be reused. They will just need to be put in the
    correct column - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-29'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:15:11)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">feel free to
    help organize the cards and add info to the cards if you want. The
    more input the better.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-30'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:17:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Equipment</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-31'>ddemaio</a>, 18:18:00)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">As we are at the ZBau again, most of the
    equipment is taken care of. We will need to get some wifi equipment
    and organize the video.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-32'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:20:01)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">See if teamix
    will sponsor with equipment. Ask tbro to contact them.</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-33'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:20:40)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Teams</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-34'>ddemaio</a>, 18:21:36)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">The openSUSE Conference Organizing Team has
    discussed a few topics. We put out a call for host for oSC2020. We
    have not had any submissions. If you want to be a host for oSC2020,
    please follow the details on</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-35'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:21:36)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://news.opensuse.org/2018/09/25/opensuse-conference-2020-call-for-hosts/">https://news.opensuse.org/2018/09/25/opensuse-conference-2020-call-for-hosts/</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-36'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:21:36)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">The orgteam will also select the talks. The CfP
    ends Feb. 3. We will be able to extend it by two weeks if necessary,
    but want to have the schedule set by the end of February.</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-37'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:27:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">If you want
    to be on the volunteer team at the conference, email
    ddemaio@opensuse.org</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-38'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:27:56)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Swag</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-40'>ddemaio</a>, 18:29:17)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">It was recommended to do a backpack rather than
    tshirts. The Organizing Team has discussed using the conference logo
    for the backpack. Any objections?</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-41'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:29:17)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Get prices on
    backpacks and tshirts. openSUSE Logo on backpack and conference logo
    on tshirt</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-68'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:42:50)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Open Topics</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-69'>ddemaio</a>, 18:44:44)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIE2GAqnFGw">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIE2GAqnFGw</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-77'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:50:24)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Topics for next meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-84'>ddemaio</a>, 18:53:51)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">The next meeting will be Nov. 20 at 18:00
    UTC.</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-85'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:53:51)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Links</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-89'>ddemaio</a>, 18:54:51)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a href="Trello">Trello</a> board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-90'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:54:51)</span></li>
  <li><a href="Week">Week</a> 1 - <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html#l-91'>ddemaio</a>,
    18:54:51)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:55:08 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>ask Thomas if he would provide a technical talk about Cilium in greater detail in addition to his keynote</li>
  <li>contact ddemaio@opensuse.org if you would like me to mail some fliers to you</li>
  <li>feel free to help organize the cards and add info to the cards if you want. The more input the better.</li>
  <li>See if teamix will sponsor with equipment. Ask tbro to contact them.</li>
  <li>If you want to be on the volunteer team at the conference, email ddemaio@opensuse.org</li>
  <li>Get prices on backpacks and tshirts. openSUSE Logo on backpack and conference logo on tshirt</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> ddemaio <ol>
    <li>contact ddemaio@opensuse.org if you would like me to mail some fliers to you</li>
    <li>If you want to be on the volunteer team at the conference, email ddemaio@opensuse.org</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>ask Thomas if he would provide a technical talk about Cilium in greater detail in addition to his keynote</li>
    <li>feel free to help organize the cards and add info to the cards if you want. The more input the better.</li>
    <li>See if teamix will sponsor with equipment. Ask tbro to contact them.</li>
    <li>Get prices on backpacks and tshirts. openSUSE Logo on backpack and conference logo on tshirt</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>ddemaio (67)</li>
  <li>knurpht (17)</li>
  <li>SergioAtSUSE (4)</li>
  <li>cboltz (3)</li>
  <li>bugbot (3)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
