=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by ddemaio at 20:00:03 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2018/opensuse-project.2018-04-10-20.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Elections will run from April 15 to April 27.  (ddemaio, 20:01:03)
* Format of Debate  (ddemaio, 20:01:03)
* Each of the candidates will have a chance to respond to the questions
  presented. The order of response will be alphabetically, unless
  specified by a question for a direct candidate. Aaron, Ana, Gerry,
  Gertjan and Simon.  (ddemaio, 20:01:03)
* Aaron - aluna  (ddemaio, 20:01:16)
* Ana - Ana06  (ddemaio, 20:01:16)
* Gerry - Fraser_Bell  (ddemaio, 20:01:18)
* Gertjan - knurpht  (ddemaio, 20:01:19)
* Simon - Simotek  (ddemaio, 20:01:21)
* Many developers come from Europe and US, but I believe many new users
  are coming from the other parts of the world like Asia and South/Latin
  America. Users are important in open source development they can help
  to give feedback to developers. Any plan to increase the involvement
  of users from this part of the world? How all the candidates view this
  condition?  (ddemaio, 20:02:19)
  * LINK:
    http://anamaria.martinezgomez.name/2018/02/15/gsoc-in-indonesia.html
    (Ana06, 20:08:00)

* We're trying hard to reach out our communities, in Indonesia alone
  there are 4,225 members of openSUSE Indonesia facebook group. We use
  any means that we feel is easiest to communicate to the community.
  Currently we use Telegram group and it has around 300 users. IRC is
  good for developer communication, but new generation usually do not
  use it, they prefer instant messaging like telegram, whatsapp etc
  (ddemaio, 20:19:52)

* I maybe don't have good knowledge about the Board division of work,
  but from wiki the main task for board are communication facilitator
  and as point of contact representing community. What all candidates
  comment about the current condition of all the tasks, how that tasks
  distribute among the Board members, and what is your plan to improve
  that condition?  (ddemaio, 20:34:41)

* Question 2  - What's your opinion about mailing list moderation?
  (ddemaio, 20:50:49)

* Question 7 - What do you believe will be the biggest challenge for the
  openSUSE Project in the next five years?  (ddemaio, 20:59:22)



Meeting ended at 21:15:41 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* ddemaio (58)
* Fraser_Bell (34)
* Ana06 (30)
* aluna (21)
* Simotek (20)
* knurpht (18)
* Simotek-Simon (7)
* Mir (6)
* terrorpup (4)
* bugbot (3)
* foursixnine (2)
* sysrich (2)
* rawtaz (1)
* tacit (1)
* robin_listas (1)
* Sleep_Walker (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4