=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by ddemaio at 18:00:16 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2018/opensuse-project.2018-11-06-18.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Welcome to the first meeting leading up to the openSUSE Conference
  2019. I’m going to post by topic. We can discuss the topic. I’ll add
  the info. If you want to add info to the topic, put a hashtag info,
  hashtag idea, hashtag link. I will post the meeting minutes to the
  opensuse-project mailing list after the meeting.  (ddemaio, 18:00:54)
* Status  (ddemaio, 18:01:25)
  * Registration 28, Submissions 8  (ddemaio, 18:01:25)

* Keynotes  (ddemaio, 18:03:38)
  * Scott Chacon, (GitHub cofounder) and Thomas Graf  (Cilium)
    (ddemaio, 18:03:39)
  * LINK: https://cilium.io/   (ddemaio, 18:05:06)
  * ACTION: ask Thomas if he would provide a technical talk about Cilium
    in greater detail in addition to his keynote  (ddemaio, 18:08:35)

* Marketing Status  (ddemaio, 18:08:58)
  * An advertisement will be in Linux Magazine from December to April. I
    will print fliers. Opportunities to hand out fliers at Chemnitz
    Linux Tage, FOSDEM, SCaLE, openSUSE Summit Nashville (SUSECon)
    (ddemaio, 18:08:58)
  * ACTION: contact ddemaio@opensuse.org if you would like me to mail
    some fliers to you  (ddemaio, 18:10:00)

* Trello Cards  (ddemaio, 18:15:11)
  * The Trello board needs some updates. Most of the cards can be
    reused. They will just need to be put in the correct column -
    https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO  (ddemaio, 18:15:11)
  * ACTION: feel free to help organize the cards and add info to the
    cards if you want. The more input the better.  (ddemaio, 18:17:03)

* Equipment  (ddemaio, 18:18:00)
  * As we are at the ZBau again, most of the equipment is taken care of.
    We will need to get some wifi equipment and organize the video.
    (ddemaio, 18:20:01)
  * ACTION: See if teamix will sponsor with equipment. Ask tbro to
    contact them.  (ddemaio, 18:20:40)

* Teams  (ddemaio, 18:21:36)
  * The openSUSE Conference Organizing Team has discussed a few topics.
    We put out a call for host for oSC2020. We have not had any
    submissions. If you want to be a host for oSC2020, please follow the
    details on  (ddemaio, 18:21:36)
  * LINK:
    https://news.opensuse.org/2018/09/25/opensuse-conference-2020-call-for-hosts/
    (ddemaio, 18:21:36)
  * The orgteam will also select the talks. The CfP ends Feb. 3. We will
    be able to extend it by two weeks if necessary, but want to have the
    schedule set by the end of February.  (ddemaio, 18:27:00)
  * ACTION: If you want to be on the volunteer team at the conference,
    email ddemaio@opensuse.org  (ddemaio, 18:27:56)

* Swag  (ddemaio, 18:29:17)
  * It was recommended to do a backpack rather than tshirts. The
    Organizing Team has discussed using the conference logo for the
    backpack. Any objections?  (ddemaio, 18:29:17)
  * ACTION: Get prices on backpacks and tshirts. openSUSE Logo on
    backpack and conference logo on tshirt  (ddemaio, 18:42:50)

* Open Topics  (ddemaio, 18:44:44)
  * LINK: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIE2GAqnFGw   (ddemaio,
    18:50:24)

* Topics for next meeting  (ddemaio, 18:53:51)
  * The next meeting will be Nov. 20 at 18:00 UTC.  (ddemaio, 18:53:51)

* Links  (ddemaio, 18:54:51)
  * LINK: Trello board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO  (ddemaio,
    18:54:51)
  * LINK: Week 1 -  (ddemaio, 18:54:51)



Meeting ended at 18:55:08 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* ddemaio
  * contact ddemaio@opensuse.org if you would like me to mail some
    fliers to you
  * If you want to be on the volunteer team at the conference, email
    ddemaio@opensuse.org
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * ask Thomas if he would provide a technical talk about Cilium in
    greater detail in addition to his keynote
  * feel free to help organize the cards and add info to the cards if
    you want. The more input the better.
  * See if teamix will sponsor with equipment. Ask tbro to contact them.
  * Get prices on backpacks and tshirts. openSUSE Logo on backpack and
    conference logo on tshirt



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* ddemaio (67)
* knurpht (17)
* SergioAtSUSE (4)
* cboltz (3)
* bugbot (3)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4