<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">18:00:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">18:00:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Tue Nov  6 18:00:16 2018 UTC.  The chair is ddemaio. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">18:00:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">18:00:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#chair </span><span class="cmdline">ddemaio</span>
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">18:00:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Current chairs: ddemaio
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">18:00:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Welcome to the first meeting leading up to the openSUSE Conference 2019. I’m going to post by topic. We can discuss the topic. I’ll add the info. If you want to add info to the topic, put a hashtag info, hashtag idea, hashtag link. I will post the meeting minutes to the opensuse-project mailing list after the meeting.</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">18:01:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> let's start with the status
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">18:01:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Status</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">18:01:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Registration 28, Submissions 8</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">18:01:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Overall, we are doing well. There are 90 plus days to submit a talk.
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">18:02:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I think we are in a good position going forward with getting the CfP out a few weeks back
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">18:03:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Does anyone want to talk about the status? Otherwise I will move on
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">18:03:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">18:03:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Keynotes</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">18:03:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Scott Chacon, (GitHub cofounder) and Thomas Graf  (Cilium)</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">18:03:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I already talked with Scott about his keynote. If you have any recommendations for Thomas, let me know.
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">18:05:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://cilium.io/</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">18:05:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Cilium is Linux-Native, API-Aware Networking and Security for Containers for those who are unaware of the project
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">18:06:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> I just had a quick look at it, and wonder if we could have a technical talk about Cilium (maybe in addition to the keynote?)
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">18:07:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I can ask him. I'm sure he would be willing to give a more indepth talk about it
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">18:08:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">ask Thomas if he would provide a technical talk about Cilium in greater detail in addition to his keynote</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">18:08:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> moving on
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">18:08:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Marketing Status</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">18:08:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">An advertisement will be in Linux Magazine from December to April. I will print fliers. Opportunities to hand out fliers at Chemnitz Linux Tage, FOSDEM, SCaLE, openSUSE Summit Nashville (SUSECon)</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">18:10:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">contact ddemaio@opensuse.org if you would like me to mail some fliers to you</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">18:10:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I will be producing some articles leading up to oSC19 and am working on a video to help advertise it.
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">18:12:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> If anyone has some additional ideas, I'm all eyes
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">18:15:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#Topic </span><span class="cmdline">Trello Cards</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">18:15:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The Trello board needs some updates. Most of the cards can be reused. They will just need to be put in the correct column - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO</span>
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">18:17:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">feel free to help organize the cards and add info to the cards if you want. The more input the better.</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">18:18:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Equipment</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">18:20:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">As we are at the ZBau again, most of the equipment is taken care of. We will need to get some wifi equipment and organize the video.</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">18:20:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">See if teamix will sponsor with equipment. Ask tbro to contact them.</span>
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">18:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Teams</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">18:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The openSUSE Conference Organizing Team has discussed a few topics. We put out a call for host for oSC2020. We have not had any submissions. If you want to be a host for oSC2020, please follow the details on</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">18:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">https://news.opensuse.org/2018/09/25/opensuse-conference-2020-call-for-hosts/</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">18:27:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The orgteam will also select the talks. The CfP ends Feb. 3. We will be able to extend it by two weeks if necessary, but want to have the schedule set by the end of February.</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">18:27:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">If you want to be on the volunteer team at the conference, email ddemaio@opensuse.org</span>
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">18:28:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> It would be good to have some person take the lead on the volunteer team.
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">18:29:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Swag</span>
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">18:29:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">It was recommended to do a backpack rather than tshirts. The Organizing Team has discussed using the conference logo for the backpack. Any objections?</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">18:29:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> I think a T-shirt should be a default ....
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">18:30:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> I wear tshirts more often than a backpack ;-) but maybe that's just me ;-)
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">18:31:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Should we make a vote on it
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">18:31:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We can ask the community what they want and give the two options
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">18:31:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> t-shirt or backpack
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">18:31:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> No, we do the T-shirt and the backpack
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">18:32:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> sorry :)
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">18:32:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ha
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">18:32:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> has
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">18:32:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> ha
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">18:33:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">knurpht:</span> I like that idea ;-)  (assuming budget allows it)
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">18:33:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SergioAtSUSE&gt;</span> Just an idea. To make people wear T-Shirt/Backpacks more often, I think it is more important that the logo is more ethereal, so avoiding to put dates
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">18:33:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I haven't ordered anything yet, so I think we have possibilities
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">18:33:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> it was a joke, but come to think of it ... if budget allows
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">18:34:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SergioAtSUSE&gt;</span> For example, I only wear the T-Shirt of oSC17 to do sports, but no more to go out
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">18:34:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> I do. And bring old ones to the conferences to wear
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">18:36:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> With the logo have the number in it, it's kind of difficult. There is the possibility to just use the name of the items
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">18:37:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SergioAtSUSE&gt;</span> a trick would be to do something like the Hackweek jacket where the number was put on Hexadecimal. Then it is maked up
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">18:37:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> On a T-shirt I would prefer a conference logo, on a backpack just the openSUSE logo
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">18:38:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> XIX
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">18:38:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Or something
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">18:38:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SergioAtSUSE&gt;</span> knurpht, ddemaio, +1
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">18:39:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ddemaio:</span> do we have budget for both ?
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">18:39:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Let me do the math really quick
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">18:41:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I think so. It looks feasible. I'll need to work with the vendor to find a good backpack at an good price
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">18:41:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> tops !!
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">18:42:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Get prices on backpacks and tshirts. openSUSE Logo on backpack and conference logo on tshirt</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">18:44:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Open Topics</span>
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">18:44:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We are about at the end. If you have any topics you want to discuss, now is the time.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">18:45:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> More community members in the keynotes/main talks?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">18:46:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> the next topic will be topics we want to add for the next meeting, so if you have anything, please mention it now.
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">18:46:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> meaning
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">18:46:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> I'll try to rephrase this better next meeting.
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">18:47:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> We have time.
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">18:47:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> Yup, it's on our side. So far.
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">18:50:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rIE2GAqnFGw
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">18:50:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> Hey, that's my generation's music :)
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">18:51:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I hear mick in Munich last year and he said the first time he played there was in 1963
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">18:52:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> Yep. When I was 3.
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">18:52:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> Keith is still rocking
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">18:53:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> Yeah, my youth hero. More than Mick
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">18:53:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> when's the next meeting?
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">18:53:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Topics for next meeting</span>
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">18:53:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">The next meeting will be Nov. 20 at 18:00 UTC.</span>
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">18:54:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> I'll close the meeting now. Thanks all for joining
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">18:54:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> If I have topics I'll email them
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">18:54:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">18:54:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Links</span>
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">18:54:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Trello board - https://trello.com/b/xhSviOKO</span>
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">18:54:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#link </span><span class="cmdline">Week 1 -</span>
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">18:54:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;knurpht&gt;</span> thanks Doug
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">18:55:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> you're welcome. have a good night
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">18:55:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ddemaio&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
