<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:04:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:04:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Oct 30 15:04:00 2013 UTC.  The chair is vuntz. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:04:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:04:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so I wonder how many people will get confused because of the time change too :/
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:04:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> robjo is here
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:04:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> Ilmehtar, FunkyPenguin: ping?
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:04:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> anybody else here?
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;antlarr&gt;</span> I'm here too for the meeting
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:04:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think Ilmehtar is moving today
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:05:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I'm sure he moves a little bit every day
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:06:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> okay, so let's start
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:06:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">action items review</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:06:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> Ilmehtar to keep pushing on the reimbursement of local materials
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:07:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> do you know if there was some change for this?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:07:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;antlarr&gt;</span> I think agustin was already looking into that, but I'll talk with him
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:07:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> that is waiting on a response from toscalix_ AFAIK
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:08:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">toscalix_:</span> do you have any news?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:09:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> I have evaluated this withi SUSE to see the internal effort required to deliver: decision process and the reimbursement itself. There is budget so that is not the problem
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:10:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> The truth is that we are not conviced we can handle both, the process of collecting request, process them and also the administration related with the reimbursement
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:10:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> Based on the current and expected workload of the TSP, we do not think it is a good option either
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:11:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> so I would like to discuss this with Vincent first
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:11:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Well, somehow it worked for at least a couple of years before the initiative was discontinued
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:11:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> before making a proposal
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:11:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> based on the TSP work
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> and a little number of request due to having shipments of material by default
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> the TSP has less people and more work due to the increase of budget assigned to them. This also affect our administratives
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:12:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> and jos and myself can sustain an eeffort on this just in certain months
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:13:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> for instance, we would not be able to deliver the weeks before the oSC14, and the weeks after
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:13:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> just an example
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:13:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> if we put something like this, we should make sure it delivers properly
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:14:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> has any has anyone asked teh TSP if they are willing to handle this or was the decision made that they cannot handle if based on some wild assumptions?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:14:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> unfortunately Izabel is not here ATM
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:15:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> My initial idea would be having an equivalent of TSP for marketing in general, not just this action. We would use this action to put the team together. and then, when the material arrives in early 2014, this group would also take care of the decisions around the distribution to events
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:15:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">toscalix_:</span> it might be good to have you discuss this with Ilmehtar next week (I would expect him to be more knowledgeable than I am on this topic, and he'll be in NUE)
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:15:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> the workload of the TSP is too high ATM and it will increase in Feb with the oSC14
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:16:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">toscalix_:</span> is that your opinion or a statement from the TSP team?
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:16:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> I am open to discuss options on this. We want to solve it because it has been something that we should have solved months ago, but there are difficulties to face
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:16:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> that is a statement from our side
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:17:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> based on the experience of working everyday with the TSP
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:17:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> I am not speaking on behalf of the TSP
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:17:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">toscalix_:</span> OK, you have to stop making decisions for other people and let people decide for themselves what they can and cannot handle
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:18:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> is not my decision....it is my point of view
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:18:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> the TSP is an autonomous group
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I think it makes sense to let the TSP decide if the TSP can handle this or not...
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> do you want to check with the TSP?
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:19:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> sure
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:19:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">toscalix_:</span> you just said that you would not let the process go through the TSP because their workload is too high, sounds like a decision to me
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:19:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> cool, thanks
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:19:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> I'll ask Izabel if she's willing to handle the requests for local material production
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:19:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> sound like a formed opinion based on working with beimbursements every day
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:19:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> reimbursements
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">toscalix_:</span> I'll also add an action item to have you discuss this face-to-face with Ilmehtar next week (or with me the week after)
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:20:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> fine
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:20:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">jospoortvliet to check with TSP about ability to deal with reimbursement of local materials</span>
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:20:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> got to run, FLOSS Weekly show, hopefully we can drum up some more Summit attendees. Later
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:20:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">toscalix_ to discuss reimbursement of local materials with Ilmehtar and/or vuntz</span>
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:20:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> thanks
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:21:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> next action item was:
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:21:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> Everyone please think of stuff to add to the pages jospoortvliet pointed out, this is important to the release and it's quality
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:21:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I guess this is still valid, right? :-)
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:23:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> absolutely
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:24:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> any specific area where help is more needed?
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:24:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> screenshots!!!
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:25:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> https://en.opensuse.org/Screenshots_13.1
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:25:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> has mostly 12.3 screenshots...
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:25:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> they need to be replaced
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:25:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and ideally following the guidelines - don't upload generic names but append "$DESKTOP_$RELEASE" please
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:25:39 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">has to go too, sry</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:25:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Everyone help with documenting new features and providing screenshots for the release, this is important to the release and its quality</span>
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:25:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> thanks!
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:26:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Create a new Project 'Application:ERP'</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:26:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so we have this only topic
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:26:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Vuntz:</span> sorry I'm not here, in France on E44 heading to Germany
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:26:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> heh
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:27:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> Application:ERP was discussed on the list and there's https://bugzilla.novell.com/show_bug.cgi?id=847342
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:27:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 847342 in openSUSE.org (OBS Request) "Create Project Application:ERP" [Enhancement,New]
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:28:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> does anybody have a strong opinion on this?
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:28:51 </span><span class="nka">* vuntz</span> <span class="ac">feels it's up to OBS admins in the end</span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:30:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> no other opinion, it seems
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:30:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I guess the bug more or less covers it anyway
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:30:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;antlarr&gt;</span> looks like that, yes
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:30:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lupinstein&gt;</span> vuntz, sorry I just came in only saw opinion on this, what is this?
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:30:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> Create a new Project 'Application:ERP' in OBS
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:31:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> okay, so we'll leave it tracked on the bug
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:32:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">bug already filed https://bugzilla.novell.com/show_bug.cgi?id=847342</span>
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:32:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> openSUSE bug 847342 in openSUSE.org (OBS Request) "Create Project Application:ERP" [Enhancement,New]
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:32:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">nobody with any objection</span>
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:32:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">any other topic?</span>
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:32:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> anything else people would like to cover?
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:32:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> I must go. antlarr will report internally about what is required from our side. Jos is also here. Thanks.
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:32:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;toscalix_&gt;</span> Bye
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:33:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">toscalix_:</span> see you
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:33:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;antlarr&gt;</span> bye toscalix_
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:33:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> no other topic?
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:33:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> this is your last chance
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:34:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> okay, then we're done :-)
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:34:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> thanks all!
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:34:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
