===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE project meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by robjo at 15:02:10 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2013/opensuse-project.2013-04-03-15.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* ACTION: vuntz continue to work on access for planet.o.o  (robjo,
  15:09:02)
* GSoC Status  (robjo, 15:10:07)

* New Ideas & initiatives for the project?  (robjo, 15:13:12)
  * LINK: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FLISOL   (robjo, 15:25:15)
  * ACTION: victorhck to check with ambassadors of openSUSE
    participating in FLISOL, jospoortvliet help with article  (robjo,
    15:28:22)

* other stuff  (robjo, 15:29:34)
  * 4 board members present today  (robjo, 15:32:53)



Meeting ended at 15:34:21 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* jospoortvliet
  * victorhck to check with ambassadors of openSUSE participating in
    FLISOL, jospoortvliet help with article
* victorhck
  * victorhck to check with ambassadors of openSUSE participating in
    FLISOL, jospoortvliet help with article



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* robjo (41)
* victorhck (25)
* saurabhsood91 (10)
* Ilmehtar (9)
* jospoortvliet (6)
* bugbot (2)
* wstephenson (2)
* |miska| (1)
* FunkyPenguin (1)
* Dominian (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4