<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">17:00:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE project meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">17:00:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Jan 23 17:00:46 2013 UTC.  The chair is robjo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">17:00:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">17:00:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I have to leave for maybe 5 minutes, and can then report something about the wiki update when I'm back
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">17:01:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> thanks
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">17:01:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK agenda can be found here: https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting#Agenda_for_the_next_meeting
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">17:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We'll start with AIs from previous meetings:
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">17:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Quick review of action items from last meeting</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">17:02:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> All items were for vuntz and I have his updates, lucky me ;)
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">17:02:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> first up, designer for openSUSE
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">17:03:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we have an open position: https://attachmatehr.silkroad.com/epostings/index.cfm?fuseaction=app.jobinfo&amp;jobid=305561&amp;company_id=15495&amp;version=6&amp;source=ONLINE&amp;jobOwner=1013810&amp;aid=1
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">17:04:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> nice
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">17:04:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> but now that I read it I am not certain why vuntz send me the link for a Project Manager Position, sorry I didn't check this out earlier
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">17:04:29 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">asks if cool people will step forward for this job or be recommended as he'll be part of his team ;-)</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">17:04:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> haha
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">17:05:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> ANd here is the designer link
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">17:05:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> https://attachmatehr.silkroad.com/epostings/index.cfm?fuseaction=app.jobinfo&amp;jobid=305560&amp;company_id=15495&amp;version=6&amp;source=ONLINE&amp;jobOwner=1013810&amp;aid=1
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">17:05:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> SO we do have a position and now we have the right link :)
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">17:06:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> So if anyone here is interested in working for SUSE and creating artwork and stuff for openSUSE, or if you know someone lets get the position filled
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">17:06:35 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">adds that it doesn't necessarily mean having to talk to him so ppl don't have to be scared :D</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">17:06:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> any questions about the designer AI?
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">17:07:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Second item on vuntz's list was board attendance
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">17:07:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> am i right in thinking the goal is really for a 'pure' artist..and packaging and general hackery is not something expected for whoever's going to be getting that role?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">17:08:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> hey hey
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">17:08:19 </span><span class="nka">* vuntz</span> <span class="ac">shows up for a bit</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">17:08:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> I only know what's in the description on the page
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">17:08:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> toscalix_ would be the person to ask
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">17:08:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> sorry I have background knowledge of the position
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">17:08:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> :) fair enough
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">17:09:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> I would say that it would need to be someone who has a wider scoope than just making pretty pictures.
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">17:09:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> no problem, but you did ask for questions, so I found one
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">17:09:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> for example, see "Become part of the openSUSE Team at SUSE engagement activities."
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">17:09:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> great
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">17:09:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> sorry I couldn't answer
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">17:09:48 </span><span class="nka">* cboltz</span> <span class="ac">is back</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">17:09:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> back to the "board members meeting attendance"
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">17:10:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We have two members that can not make the current time slot, period
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">17:10:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> hey all
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">17:11:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> the option would be to move the meeting 2 hours earlier, i.e. start at 15:00 UTC, 10:00 A.M. EST, 16:00 CST
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">17:11:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> those that are here, please state your opinion on this. Note moving only 1 hour is not an option!
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">17:11:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I don't care
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">17:11:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> it's finew ith me
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">17:11:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Is it OK to move the project meeting 2 hours earlier?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">17:11:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> That's good for me
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">17:12:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> for me it would be difficult to attend two hours earlier
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">17:12:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> Well difficult for me to attend as well
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">17:12:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> difficult for me as well
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">17:13:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> difficult but doable or difficult impossible?
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">17:13:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> Difficult as in I return from office usually at 9pm and it is 830 pm then...
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">17:13:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> in my case: only on bad weather - because otherwise I'm in the vineyards
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">17:14:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> same problem as manugupt1_
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">17:14:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, so the trade off is to either have additional board members in the meeting or loose community members for the meeting.
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">17:15:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> what is more important to those that are here?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">17:15:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> The board for me
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">17:15:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Note that for most meetings we will have 3 board members present at the current time
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">17:15:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> ISTR that that time is fairly typical for meetings for companies here in Utah so they can meet with the team in India.
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">17:15:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if we move the meeting we can change the number of board members to 5
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">17:16:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> 1 member has unfortunately fallen of the face of the planet
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">17:16:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> who?
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">17:16:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> My opinion is lets try to change the timings for the next 2 weeks, if the board attendance works out then or else we shift back
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">17:16:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> no comment
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">17:17:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> k.
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">17:17:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> honestly, I think the community has a right to know which board members function and which don't
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">17:17:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> how else are we supposed to make decisions during voting
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">17:17:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> +1 jos
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">17:17:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> yes they do, but we are not there yet
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">17:17:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> there should be transparency about this and board members should feel free to talk about each other's performance
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">17:17:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> and as you did raise the issue, I think it's a little unfair to suddenly say 'no comment' when we want to know more
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">17:17:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> sorry I should not have gaged
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">17:18:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> I'd be ok if the board discusses this subject first inside, but I'd like them to come out with a statement of being OK with the transparency I propose (or not).
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">17:18:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> can I put that forward as proposal?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">17:18:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> there is a board call next week (Monday) where the board will discuss this point
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">17:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> can it be an ai for you?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">17:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> who?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">17:18:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and what?
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">17:18:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> robjo
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">17:19:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">17:19:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">robjo to report back at next project meeting about transparency of board and potentially inactive members</span>
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">17:19:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> that sounds like a great way forward - if you have a member MIA, of course you need the opportunity to deal with it internally before making the community aware of the details and the outcome
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">17:19:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> again I apologize for jumping the gun on this and blabbering
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">17:20:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> yes. At the same time, I think (as I said) that board members should always feel free to discuss their opinions about performance of fellow board members. Very little the board does is visible and I know in the past, absense or disagreements have blocked actions which were urgent and important.
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">17:20:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> back to the real topic, is everyone OK with manugupt1 idea?
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">17:20:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> nobody outside the board ever heard who did what wrong and it is very well possible those people have been voted in again and again.
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">17:20:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> that will change, just not certain about the details yet
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">17:21:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span>  Trying it for 2 weeks?  That's a good idea - if the new time doesn't work, then we should revisit and try again to find a time that works for most of the board.
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">17:21:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hendersj:</span> then we should get back to this time I suggest since most of us are regulars here
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">17:21:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hendersj:</span> yes, move to 2 hours earlier for the next two meetings and see how it goes
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">17:21:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> ok
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">17:21:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> yes
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">17:22:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span>  The issue though is that this is a decision-making meeting, and the board should be involved - so if this isn't a good time for the board, then a time does need to be found that works.
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">17:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> We need that kind of commitment IMHO from the board
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">17:22:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">vuntz to change the calendar for the next two project meetings to start 2 hours earlier</span>
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">17:23:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anything else on this.
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">17:23:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> 1,2,3....
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">17:24:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, then next AI for vuntz was to speak with darix about irc cloaks
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">17:24:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> This is in progress, but darix could sure use some help
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">17:24:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anyone from the membership team here?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">17:25:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I guess not
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">17:25:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I'm here
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">17:25:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span>  i'm here
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">17:25:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> great can the membership team discuss who might be able to help darix with the IRC cloak stuff?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">17:26:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> what would be involved? I've wanted my IRC cloak for years now, I didn't realise darix needed help
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">17:26:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> I have no idea how the process works
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">17:26:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> the point is
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">17:26:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> but darix can answer :)
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">17:26:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> currently the membership team just keeps putting up members
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">17:27:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> the whole syncing to freenode is a manual job
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">17:27:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> so if the membership team could just forward the informations to freenode, then we wouldnt get a pile
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">17:28:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> is there procedure you can explain to someone, and is it written down or reasonably simple?
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">17:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> Could this be integrated with the approval process in c.o.o ?
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">17:28:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> there is no api on the freenode side
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">17:28:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> so no
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">17:28:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> the idea is that when ever you approve someone
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">17:29:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> the process the Membership team operate to is documented here http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Membership_officials#Process
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">17:29:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> copy the 2 lines that freenode wants to a freenode staff member
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">17:29:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> and we are done
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">17:29:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> What I meant is that no after approval an email is send out to the person itself. So I was wondering if we couldn't send a second email at the same time to freenode with the required information ?
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">17:30:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> can we get you to document this on the procedure?
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">17:30:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> we would need to discuss it with freenode staff
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">17:30:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> atm you talk to them
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">17:30:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Ok
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">17:30:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> paste them 2 lines. first line checks what cloak is currently assigned
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">17:30:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> wait, I am lost
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">17:30:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> 2nd sets it
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">17:31:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> yes?
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">17:31:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> does this mail have to come from a deignated person?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">17:31:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> designated
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">17:31:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> the person talking to the freenode staff member has to be opensuse group contact
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">17:31:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> can we compile a list of people who are yet to receive their cloaks, and send them in bulk to freenode? it would save us some time i think
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">17:32:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, so we would have to add one person from the membership team to that list
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">17:33:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> digitltom apparently this is only about sending an e-mail. Either of you willing to be on the "contact" list and sending these e-mails?
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">17:33:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> "group contact" hopefully means more than 1 person?
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">17:33:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> It is not sending an email what I understood, but directly an irc conversation with the freenode people
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">17:33:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> I'm understanding Darix's comments differently - the request is made on IRC of Freenode staff.
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">17:34:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">17:34:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> It sounds like they're trying to work out some automation, but it's not done yet (see GMS on freenode.net)
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">17:34:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> current group contacts are adrian, pascal,bryen and myself
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">17:35:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> our notes about IRC cloaks on that Membership officials page suggests we've tried to put some steps in for automation, but that doesn't seem complete yet, or working for me at least (I cant access the cloak export)
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">17:35:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, back to my question to Ilmehtar and digitltom is either of you willing to be on this list of group contacts?
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">17:36:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> so right now I wouldn't know where to start to get a list of our existing cloaks in freenode, the requested cloaks in connect
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">17:36:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> or both?
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">17:36:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> we could teach you?
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">17:36:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> I'm willing, even with the feeling that I've only got half the picture :) sure
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">17:36:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">darix add Ilmehtar to list of openSUSE group contacts</span>
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">17:37:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> it is really just 2-3 rules
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">17:37:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">darix teach Ilmehtar the seecret ways of activating cloaks</span>
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">17:37:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> and then avoiding to have a huge pile of stuff piling up
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">17:37:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> thanks for stepping up
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">17:37:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> :) my pleasure
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">17:38:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, that will do it for the "old" items, looks like vuntz is mostley off the hook
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">17:39:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> next agenda item
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">17:39:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC Overview</span>
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">17:39:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> the floor is yours
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">17:39:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> you cant just give our floor away!
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">17:40:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> manugupt1 has created the wiki pages. we can start adding ideas straight away
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">17:40:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> :)
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">17:40:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;dab214&gt;</span> What is the support channel?
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">17:40:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dab214:</span> it's #opensuse
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">17:40:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> !support @ dab214
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">17:40:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SUSEhelp&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dab214:</span> For general technical support on IRC, please go to #opensuse (/join #opensuse).  You may also wish to submit your question via http://forums.opensuse.org.  Or join the support mailing list by sending an email to opensuse+subscribe@opensuse.org
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">17:41:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> was there an announcement to -project ML
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">17:41:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> i am not sure we can actually announce it right now, considering the programme hasnt been announced
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">17:41:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> I think robjo we can atleast give a call for ideas
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">17:42:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I expect change in rules this year but yes we can do that..
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">17:42:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> ok. yeah. but can we make a formal approach?
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">17:42:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We should atleast say We are preparing for ideas and we need tasks
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">17:42:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> lets do that, I would hope with appropriate wording we should not get into trouble with Google
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">17:42:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> yeah.
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">17:43:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> You can start an e-mail with "In anticipation of....."
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">17:43:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">17:43:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I will take the up AI as I had to put it on mentors list too
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">17:43:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">manugupt1 saurabhsood91 send mail to -project about GSoC ideas page</span>
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">17:44:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anything else about GSoC?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">17:44:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> about the posters
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">17:45:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> what about the posters, what do you need?
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">17:45:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i had sent a mail to the ambassadors mailing list regarding sending posters for promotion
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">17:45:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> any response?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">17:45:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> no. didnt get any response :/
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">17:45:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> that sucks
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">17:46:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> we have the posters ready (more or less...)
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">17:46:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I have a discussion albeit an important one.. can we do that after this topic
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">17:46:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> we just need to make the effort to send it to the relevant people
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">17:46:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> please try again, send mail directly to warlordfff, he runs the ambassador program and can probbaly help
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">17:46:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> although he is swamped with oSC stuff thus be patient
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">17:46:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> sure. will send it again
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">17:47:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> you are on the agenda after GSoC anyway ;)
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">17:47:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> yeah :P
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">17:48:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> about SUSE employees and GSoC
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">17:48:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> yes..
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">17:48:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> GSoC is an openSUSE "event" and as thus SUSE employees that actively participate in openSUSE
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">17:48:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> are free to participate
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">17:49:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> Well no need of pressure
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">17:49:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> However, making an extra push would not really be appropriate
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">17:49:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> But what I wanted is if someone in vicinity can ask them
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">17:49:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> It gets easier for admins, sometimes asking personally helps thats it
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">17:49:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> SUSE employees are encouraged to participate in openSUSE, by SUSE management, but in the end it is a personal choice
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">17:50:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> other things we need to discuss about GSoC?
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">17:51:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> as of now.. I dont think anything is required
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">17:51:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK next topic
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">17:51:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Setting up University Collaboration</span>
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">17:51:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> your up
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">17:51:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. I had a mail recently from Allen who was willing to set up long term projects for his students along with openSUSE
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">17:52:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I discussed with the board, I got 2 very interesting replies
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">17:52:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> explain who Allen is, please
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">17:52:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> Allen is a professor from Charles Strut University, Australia
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">17:53:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thanks I am certain not everyone knew that ;)
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">17:53:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. I found the idea interesting..
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">17:54:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> One reply was from robjo that openSUSE has very less scope for new projects and we should make that thing very clear to him and I agree with robjo on this
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">17:54:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Another insightful opinion from Will was what if our mentoring hours were total wastes
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">17:55:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> from a community point of view.. if the student does not contribute to the project long enough
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">17:55:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> And he contrasted it with KDE where lots of academic work happen too
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">17:56:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Now, we face the same problem with our GSoC students also
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">17:56:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Some of them appear only during GSoC, so there must be something wrong or places where we need to improve upon in the way we are handling things
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">17:57:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> That is what I wanted to ask, is there a way to increase and make students more involved with community participation
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">17:57:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Well, personally I feel that mentoring is never a waste of time, even if the person mentored does not "stick" to openSUSE
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">17:57:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> it is more rewarding if the person stick, of course
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">17:58:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> What do people think? Is it worth for us as a project to try and engage on a long term basis with a University for their course projects?
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">17:59:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I'd say we should do a pilot in any case
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">17:59:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> it's a tricky thing
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">17:59:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> hard to find a balance
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">17:59:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Should the scope of the question be brought to -project ML?
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">17:59:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I know people who've been doing GSOC for years and don't consider it worth the effort. Others love it and say it pays of...
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">17:59:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I'm sure there are ways to get more out of it...
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">17:59:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> one suggestion I've received is to RAISE the bar.
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:00:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> that is something we have intended to do this year
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:00:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> require students to have been active in openSUSE at least 3 months prior to the GSOC, to already know the code etc for example
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">18:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> good
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">18:00:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> it might attract less people, but the quality will increase.
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">18:00:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> Well 3 months is a hard bounday but yes evaluations will be a bit stricter
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">18:00:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> isnt 3 months too long?
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">18:01:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> oh, the dude I spoke to actually said "3 to 6 months"
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">18:01:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ...
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">18:01:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> also make clear that if the student does not stay around after the project, he/she can surely forget about a GSOC next year.
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">18:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> also we have added this question to the application "What are your plans to contribute long term"
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">18:01:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> oh
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">18:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I will add that..
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">18:02:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> yeah, but everyone can say "I will stay around". The idea of that project I am talking about is based on a very sound psychological concept: past behavior is a far better predictor of future behavior than the (stated) beliefs people hold
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">18:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> in other words, actions speak stronger than words ;-)
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">18:02:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> :)
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">18:02:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> so we plan to allow gsoc for long term contributors only, and not as a starting platform then?
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">18:02:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> (and people's actions are guided NOT by what they (say they) believe in, but that's a separate story)
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">18:03:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> No But yes they should start early
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">18:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> well that's a downside to this of course. For some people the barrier is getting involved in the first place.
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">18:03:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> ok
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">18:03:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> yeah
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">18:03:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> I have suggested this a numerous times in Manipal :) but lets make it clear in the process
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">18:03:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but then again, being involved in openSUSE requires some heavy investment in terms of emotional commitment. People who don't have that - will they ever become reliable contributors?
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">18:04:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Can we focus back on the "long term university involvement"?
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">18:04:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Should we ask manugupt1 to take it to -project for discussion or kill the idea right here right now?
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">18:04:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> what we should do is have a always-available mentor pool. We've tried to set that up before... see https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Mentors
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">18:05:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> this could be a start for a long term university involvement thing
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">18:05:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> yes Mentorship program is desperately needed, but that's a difffernt discussion
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">18:05:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I believe more in improving that list and advertising it more, honestly, but if manugupt1 wants to try this with universities and thinks he can find one etc - why not?
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">18:06:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I have a willing professor and a willing mentor as of now
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">18:06:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> do it, and all that. The issues are hard to predict anyway - they'll become clear on the way
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">18:06:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> So if everyone agrees, I can carry on the discussion forward
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">18:06:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> I'd just start doing it and keep us informed. Without proof that it works, it will always stay controversial :D
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">18:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> if you have a mentor and a professor, and you are willing to be a facilitator, go for it
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">18:06:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> you've got my support as well.
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">18:07:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> jospoortvliet thanks.. I have mailed him and waiting for a reply.. lets see how it turns out
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">18:07:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> all I can say is thank you for the effort
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">18:07:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> That I believe brings us to the end of our posted agenda.
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">18:07:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I have one more thing that I wanted to discuss
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">18:08:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> this topic?
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">18:08:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> No
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">18:08:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">other stuff</span>
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">18:08:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> go
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">18:08:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">18:09:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. I really want all our news@opensuse.org discussions to move to -marketing mailing list because -marketing ML is public otherwise we would be very confined to limited contributors
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">18:09:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> this was agreed to a while back if I remember correctly
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">18:10:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> but never done.. so close it down or redirect it
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">18:10:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We will lose people or not gain people otherwise
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">18:10:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> isn't there a mladmin address or something?
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">18:10:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> admin@opensuse.org is there..
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">18:10:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> willing to chase this and put some board power behind it?
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">18:11:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> ping......
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">18:12:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> pong.
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">18:12:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Ok
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">18:12:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> thanks
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">18:12:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">tittiatcoke to chase ML merge of news and marketing</span>
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">18:13:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, I have one more item, this will also show up on -project in a day or so
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">18:13:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tux93&gt;</span> i 'got a general question: who is in charge of adding acess to lizards.o.o for new members?
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">18:13:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The board now has an "activities page" where all community members can see what we're up to:
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">18:13:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Board_Activities
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">18:14:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> SO check it out, let us know if you have any questions. Note, this will not turn into a "task tracker"
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">18:14:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> also we will have monthly reports, similar to the one vuntz sent at the end of last year
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">18:14:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tux93:</span> mailing admin@opensuse.org helps usually
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">18:15:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> any qiestions on those items?
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">18:15:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> the #action to merge news and marketing ML brings back another AI - how/who can help henne doing the ML management?
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">18:15:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> do we have any news on this? (darix?)
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">18:16:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tux93&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> thank you, i almost assumed that but wanted to make sure...
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">18:16:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> left
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">18:16:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I'll give that to vuntz, he's not here and cannot complain :)
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">18:17:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">vuntz discuss with henne shape and form of ML help for @opensuse.org</span>
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">18:17:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">18:17:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> only 17 minutes over ;)
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">18:18:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> I have an update on the wiki update ;-)
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">18:18:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> go
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">18:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> the staging wikis (enstage.opensuse.org, destage.o.o for german etc.) were updated to mediawiki 1.19.3
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">18:18:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> and are available for testing ;-)
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">18:19:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cboltz:</span> thanks, does this improve search capability?
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">18:19:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> on enstage.o.o you can login with "opensusestage" / "opensusestage!" if you want to edit something
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">18:20:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">enstage.opensuse.org, destage.o.o for german etc. are available for testing, new mediawiki 1.19.3</span>
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">18:20:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> AFAIK search won't really change
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">18:20:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> :(
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">18:20:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> that would need better indexing as a first step
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">18:20:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> maybe mention that oSC13 is about to be officially announced :D
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">18:20:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> location, date etc
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">18:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cboltz&gt;</span> which means some programming work
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">18:20:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK search will have to be a topic for another day
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">18:20:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> working on website right now...
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">18:21:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I think you just mentioned it :)
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">18:21:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> when do you want to deploy the new site to conference.opensuse.org?
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">18:21:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> I'd prefer to do it now(ish) so that when the article goes out the site is, too :D
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">18:21:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">oSC13 official announcement is right around the corner</span>
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">18:22:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think that's a warp for the project meeting
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">18:22:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> adjourn?
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">18:23:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thanks to everyone for attending, see you in a couple of weeks, remember we'll be two hours earlier.
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">18:23:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
