===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE project meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by robjo at 15:02:01 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2013/opensuse-project.2013-03-06-15.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* review AIs from last meeting  (robjo, 15:06:55)
  * ACTION: Ilmehtar and darix work out the cloaking thingy  (robjo,
    15:09:56)
  * ACTION: vuntz continue to work on access for planet.o.o  (robjo,
    15:11:10)

* GSoC update  (robjo, 15:14:52)

* What else?  (robjo, 15:19:49)
  * LINK: https://wiki.documentfoundation.org/Bug_Submission_Assistant
    (Ilmehtar, 15:42:01)



Meeting ended at 15:46:20 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* darix
  * Ilmehtar and darix work out the cloaking thingy
* Ilmehtar
  * Ilmehtar and darix work out the cloaking thingy
* vuntz
  * vuntz continue to work on access for planet.o.o



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* robjo (38)
* wstephenson__ (34)
* Ilmehtar (17)
* ancor (16)
* saurabhsood91 (10)
* darix (7)
* bugbot (3)
* coolo (3)
* victorhck (2)
* vuntz (1)
* zoumpis (1)
* vad (1)
* FunkyPenguin (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4