<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:02:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:02:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Sep 18 15:02:11 2013 UTC.  The chair is Ilmehtar. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:02:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:02:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> ping FunkyPenguin
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:03:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> so..we have no agenda items, so lets start by going over previous action items
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:03:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> pong, for at least 30min
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:03:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Reviewing action items</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:03:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> ishwon - me and you were meant to bug jospoortvliet_ about booth kits..any luck?
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:04:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Yup ... I got him.
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:04:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Booth boxes are still not ready.
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:05:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> But he said we can produce marketing materials locally and SUSE will reimburse.
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:05:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> thursday next week, a team blog goes live, but I can share the preview link with you: http://lizards.opensuse.org/2013/09/26/merchandising-where-we-are-going/?preview=true
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:05:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> That's fair enough ...
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:05:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> ahaan ... here he comes :)
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:05:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> sorry
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:05:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> http://lizards.opensuse.org/?p=9856&amp;preview=true
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:06:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> unfortunately, the status is the same as at the conference - no designer = no progress
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:06:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet_:</span> thanks! I guess you dont want me to put that link in the minutes?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:06:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> andi has been doing some work in preparation...
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:06:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> please, no
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:06:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I'm sorry about the whole thing, it's frustrating but there's nothing I can do.
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:07:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> the internal help didn't work out either, besides, that was only a few hours. And hiring an external contractor takes so long it's not worth it either, it seems...
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:07:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> no problem :) so, theres no opportunity for our artwork team to fill the gap made by the lack of a paid-for designer?
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:07:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> there is room to speed things up - creating draft artwork, propose things. There's a list on the wiki
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:07:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> sec
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:07:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> https://progress.opensuse.org/projects/travel-support-program-management/wiki/Booth_box#Artwork-needed
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:08:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> anything created can be put there, or mail to me, or create a folder in github and add it there
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:08:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> whatever works is helpful
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:08:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Booth kits/Marketing materials</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:08:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> then once we have a designer, he/she can vet the work and get it ready for printing (printers are picky and for what we need we will probably require the silly adobe apps to prepare things etc)
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:08:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and work with the printers to get it out
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:09:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> so yes, individuals can make a difference. But no, we can't finish or print without the designer
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:09:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but the more we prepare the faster it goes when the designer starts
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:09:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Booth kits for events are still not ready. SUSE are hiring a designer, progress will be limited until then</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:09:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and I believe that's november 1st
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:09:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">the community artwork team can help. Todo is on https://progress.opensuse.org/projects/travel-support-program-management/wiki/Booth_box#Artwork-needed and all input is welcome</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:10:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> any other questions - shoooot
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:11:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> do we have details on the reimbursing of locally produced materials?
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:12:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> not atm
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:13:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> that is a question for Agustin
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:13:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> Okay, I/the board will probably give him a poke
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:14:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> make that an action :D
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:14:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">ilmehtar / board to ask for info re: reimbursement of locally produced materials</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:15:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> Alright, anything else on this topic?
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:15:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Not from me :)
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:16:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> anyone involved in our GSoC stuff here? Manu had 2 action items last meeting...
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:17:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> I guess not. alright then, any other topics?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:17:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Other Topics</span>
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:19:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> Nobody has any questions, ideas, things to bring up?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:20:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Not really for this time
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:21:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> cwh42 slipped out... do you have anything you want to bring up?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:25:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> Ah, sorry - changed Nick
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:26:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> No, nothing
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:26:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> alright then, might as well end the meeting then
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:27:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
