<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by vuntz at 17:01:03 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Attendance of project meetings from board members</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-36'>vuntz</a>, 17:08:02)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Quick review of action items from last meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-39'>vuntz</a>, 17:08:20)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">darix to ask
    henne about getting someone else to help with administrating the
    mailing lists</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-43'>vuntz</a>,
    17:09:06)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-web/2013-01/msg00000.html">http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-web/2013-01/msg00000.html</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-47'>vuntz</a>,
    17:09:55)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">cboltz sent a query about the status of wiki
    upgrade:
    http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-web/2013-01/msg00000.html</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-50'>vuntz</a>,
    17:10:47)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">cboltz to
    monitor status of wiki upgrade and report any news on this</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-53'>vuntz</a>,
    17:11:20)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vuntz to talk
    to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-58'>vuntz</a>,
    17:12:54)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">board discussed the Summit topic after last
    meeting, and asked SUSE to book the venue for the week-end</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-69'>vuntz</a>,
    17:15:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">board also asked SUSE about sharing sessions
    with SUSECon, to make openSUSE a bit more visible</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-70'>vuntz</a>,
    17:16:05)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">robjo to send
    a call for volunteers for openSUSE Summit</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-71'>vuntz</a>,
    17:16:21)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Attendance of project meetings from board members</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-77'>vuntz</a>, 17:18:18)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">project meetings are seen as one of the primary
    venues for discussion with the board</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-92'>vuntz</a>,
    17:22:52)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vuntz to push
    board members to be more present at project meetings</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-102'>vuntz</a>,
    17:26:27)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vuntz to
    investigate if one hour earlier/later would work better for both the
    board and other community members</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-108'>vuntz</a>,
    17:27:30)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC preparation</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-115'>vuntz</a>, 17:29:17)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">manugupt1 is working on getting a team of
    admins</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-137'>vuntz</a>,
    17:33:18)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">the team of admins will likely be manugupt1
    saurabhsood91 and matt</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-140'>vuntz</a>,
    17:34:22)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">manugupt1 and
    admin team to work on wiki pages for GSoC to gather project
    ideas</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-149'>vuntz</a>,
    17:36:12)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">saurabhsood91
    to mail ambassadors to see how to best handle sending posters for
    GSoC to LUGs</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-211'>vuntz</a>,
    17:49:05)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Donations</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-218'>vuntz</a>, 17:50:09)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">new SUSE shop went live and the suggestion to
    have a "Donate to openSUSE" button there is back</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-243'>vuntz</a>,
    17:56:28)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">robjo to
    investigate the "Donate to openSUSE" button in SUSE shop and discuss
    the topic with different parties</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-291'>vuntz</a>,
    18:10:00)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">AOB</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-294'>vuntz</a>, 18:10:26)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vuntz to chat
    with darix about status of setting up irc cloaks</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-317'>vuntz</a>,
    18:16:36)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Next meeting date &amp; chair</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-332'>vuntz</a>, 18:19:53)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">next meeting on January 23rd</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-333'>vuntz</a>,
    18:20:06)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">next chair is robjo (or vuntz if he manages to
    join)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html#l-343'>vuntz</a>,
    18:22:26)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:22:36 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>darix to ask henne about getting someone else to help with administrating the mailing lists</li>
  <li>cboltz to monitor status of wiki upgrade and report any news on this</li>
  <li>vuntz to talk to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE</li>
  <li>robjo to send a call for volunteers for openSUSE Summit</li>
  <li>vuntz to push board members to be more present at project meetings</li>
  <li>vuntz to investigate if one hour earlier/later would work better for both the board and other community members</li>
  <li>manugupt1 and admin team to work on wiki pages for GSoC to gather project ideas</li>
  <li>saurabhsood91 to mail ambassadors to see how to best handle sending posters for GSoC to LUGs</li>
  <li>robjo to investigate the "Donate to openSUSE" button in SUSE shop and discuss the topic with different parties</li>
  <li>vuntz to chat with darix about status of setting up irc cloaks</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> cboltz <ol>
    <li>cboltz to monitor status of wiki upgrade and report any news on this</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> manugupt1 <ol>
    <li>manugupt1 and admin team to work on wiki pages for GSoC to gather project ideas</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> robjo <ol>
    <li>robjo to send a call for volunteers for openSUSE Summit</li>
    <li>robjo to investigate the "Donate to openSUSE" button in SUSE shop and discuss the topic with different parties</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> saurabhsood91 <ol>
    <li>saurabhsood91 to mail ambassadors to see how to best handle sending posters for GSoC to LUGs</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> toscalix <ol>
    <li>vuntz to talk to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> vuntz <ol>
    <li>vuntz to talk to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE</li>
    <li>vuntz to push board members to be more present at project meetings</li>
    <li>vuntz to investigate if one hour earlier/later would work better for both the board and other community members</li>
    <li>vuntz to chat with darix about status of setting up irc cloaks</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>vuntz (149)</li>
  <li>robjo (63)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (45)</li>
  <li>hendersj (17)</li>
  <li>|miska| (16)</li>
  <li>saurabhsood91 (11)</li>
  <li>victorhck (11)</li>
  <li>izabelvalverde (9)</li>
  <li>Sleep_Walker (7)</li>
  <li>cboltz (6)</li>
  <li>tittiatcoke (5)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
  <li>aplanas (1)</li>
  <li>DimStar (1)</li>
  <li>malcolmlewis (1)</li>
  <li>toscalix (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
