15:00:38 <vuntz> #startmeeting
15:00:38 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed Mar 20 15:00:38 2013 UTC.  The chair is vuntz. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
15:00:38 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
15:00:54 <suseROCKs> did vuntz  just call me a scaredy-cat?
15:01:05 <vuntz> welcome to the latest openSUSE project meeting :-)
15:01:08 <vuntz> so who's here?
15:01:13 <anditosan> me me me :D
15:01:20 <robjo> present
15:01:22 <Ilmehtar> vuntz: I'm half here - technically in a presentation at Novell UK
15:01:32 <vuntz> Ilmehtar: hopefully it's the best half of you?
15:01:36 <vuntz> FunkyPenguin: here?
15:01:38 <vuntz> wstephenson_: here?
15:01:42 <Ilmehtar> vuntz: there's a better half?
15:01:58 * saurabhsood91 is here
15:02:03 <suseROCKs> this so-called better half needs to be documented or it doesn't exist.
15:02:27 <anditosan> better half needs a man page
15:02:30 <anditosan> ;)
15:02:39 <saurabhsood91> anditosan: :D
15:02:47 <suseROCKs> yeah,  man up, Ilmehtar!!!
15:02:47 <vuntz> so we only have one real topic so far
15:02:58 <vuntz> don't be afraid to suggest topics!
15:03:08 <vuntz> but let's start with the review of past action items
15:03:13 <Ilmehtar> I have a topic - LinuxTag
15:03:19 <vuntz> Ilmehtar: cool :-)
15:03:25 <vuntz> #topic Review of past AIs
15:03:39 <vuntz> first AI is "Ilmehtar and darix work out the cloaking thingy"
15:03:43 <vuntz> Ilmehtar: any update?
15:04:17 <Ilmehtar> sigh, sorry, no. if darix is here, can he suggest a time/date when he could go through it with me, I'll do my best to shift heaven and earth to be there to learn from him
15:04:43 <darix> Ilmehtar: tomorrow 1900 UTC?
15:04:55 <Ilmehtar> darix: deal, I'll be here
15:05:07 <vuntz> #info Ilmehtar and darix will discuss the cloaking topic tomorrow
15:05:07 <FunkyPenguin> vuntz: sorry I am indeed here
15:05:18 <vuntz> I'll leave the AI intact, then
15:05:23 <vuntz> #action Ilmehtar and darix work out the cloaking thingy
15:05:28 <vuntz> hey FunkyPenguin :-)
15:05:40 <vuntz> the other AI we have is "vuntz continue to work on access for planet.o.o"
15:05:44 <suseROCKs> why say you're here... we can sense Funkyness a mile away
15:06:00 <vuntz> so several people mailed me to volunteer to help maintain planet.o.o
15:06:06 <vuntz> so it's all good from that perspective
15:06:13 <darix> vuntz: needs ticket system before we can continue with that AI
15:06:49 <vuntz> darix: oh, do we?
15:07:11 <vuntz> I know that henne got access to the server and was suggesting to move this website somewhere else
15:07:25 <darix> i am glad he talks to me about that. -.-
15:07:26 <vuntz> (and I miserably failed to talked to him this week about this topic)
15:07:35 <vuntz> darix: I told him to go to you :-)
15:08:04 <vuntz> #info for planet.o.o, we got volunteers to help maintain (thanks!)
15:08:38 <darix> vuntz: ticket system so i can sort out all the planet requests into a queue that is interesting for those volunteers
15:09:03 <vuntz> #info darix points out we need a ticket system to handle planet-related requests
15:09:21 <darix> once we have the ticket system we can also involve more people into other parts
15:09:31 <suseROCKs> does that mean we have to continue to ignore p.o.o requests until a ticket system is in place?
15:09:37 <vuntz> #info still need to find the right solution to let volunteers be able to maintain planet.o.o
15:10:14 <darix> vuntz: there is no trouble
15:10:18 <darix> commit to git
15:10:24 <darix> let cronjob pull changes
15:10:24 <darix> done
15:10:47 <darix> this kinda works for conference.o.o atm
15:10:57 <vuntz> ah, I can buy that waiy
15:11:03 <Ilmehtar> darix: if planet.o.o is on git..do you mean github? could we therefore use githubs issue ticket system? job done?
15:11:26 <darix> dastergon: i found the issue with the cronjob
15:11:46 <darix> Ilmehtar: it might be still on gitorious but in general yes
15:12:10 <darix> Ilmehtar: though i would like to keep all the requests for opensuse admin stuff on admin@o.o
15:13:14 <zimba12> i am new to opensuse-projects meetings. i am here to discuss about gsoc (representetive from owncloud). am i in the right place?
15:13:20 <vuntz> ok, so let's keep the AI until this is fixed
15:13:25 <vuntz> zimba12: yep, gsoc is the next topic :-)
15:13:41 <zimba12> vuntz: great. thanks
15:13:47 <vuntz> #action vuntz to help sort the planet.o.o maintenance
15:13:48 <wstephenson_> here, sorry
15:14:01 <Roguehorse> here.....had to step away
15:14:21 <darix> zimba12: q: cant owncloud apply themself to gsoc?
15:14:23 <suseROCKs> wstephenson_,   Why are you sorry for being here.  We like you.
15:14:23 <vuntz> #info for reference, planet.o.o is maintained at https://gitorious.org/opensuse/planet-opensuse
15:14:31 <vuntz> okay, let's move to gsoc
15:14:38 <vuntz> #topic GSoC status
15:14:56 <vuntz> saurabhsood91: here's the microphone :-)
15:15:02 <zimba12> darix: no, that's why I am here :)
15:15:03 * saurabhsood91 steps up
15:15:29 <saurabhsood91> loads of projects added on the ideas page. decent week. now, we have about 14 projects added with mentors :)
15:15:39 <manugupt1> zimba12: Are you allesandro :)
15:15:42 <zimba12> darix: first, it's too late. second, we don't have enough mentors/projects to apply by ourself yet
15:15:46 <zimba12> manugupt1: yes
15:16:05 <saurabhsood91> hey zimba12
15:16:09 <darix> zimba12: a working owncloud 5 with sharing would be gold.
15:16:47 <zimba12> darix: :)
15:16:50 <zimba12> saurabhsood91: hi
15:17:13 <zimba12> darix: in the future we will probably apply as independent organization
15:17:59 <saurabhsood91> we also have many orgs coparticipating with us such as owncloud, supertuxcart, syslog
15:18:29 <vuntz> #info many projects added to the ideas page
15:18:40 <zimba12> can i still add projects to the ideas page
15:18:40 <zimba12> ?
15:18:43 <manugupt1> zimba12: yes
15:18:45 <vuntz> #info including 14 projects that have mentors
15:18:46 <saurabhsood91> zimba12: sure ;)
15:18:50 * suseROCKs wants to see ownCloud GSoC application "ownCloud Mission:  To annihate Google's cloud serices.  Please sponsor us!"
15:19:01 <manugupt1> :)
15:19:05 <saurabhsood91> suseROCKs: LOL!!! :D
15:19:08 <vuntz> #info working with other orgs that will possibly co-participate with us (owncloud, supertuxcart, syslog)
15:19:45 <manugupt1> Hey zimba12 do you have any questions ?
15:19:47 <zimba12> suseROCKs: that's why it's better to hide under: "we promote synchronization among distributions...."
15:19:49 <zimba12> :)
15:20:03 <suseROCKs> hehe
15:20:07 <zimba12> manugupt1: yes. does everyone have access to the wiki page?
15:20:12 <manugupt1> zimba12: yes..
15:20:18 <manugupt1> Anyone with an account at openSUSE
15:20:30 <suseROCKs> or even without an account
15:20:31 <zimba12> a student modified the idea page by putting his name as a student
15:20:45 <zimba12> thing that I found very annoying
15:21:19 <saurabhsood91> zimba12: they should prefix it by 'interested' if they edit it
15:21:21 * manugupt1 checks
15:22:02 <saurabhsood91> i still see Student Needed on the ownCloud project
15:22:06 <manugupt1> That is the idea
15:22:23 <zimba12> saurabhsood91: that's because I re-edited it
15:22:31 <saurabhsood91> zimba12: oh...
15:22:39 * manugupt1 has a watch on the page
15:22:42 <zimba12> saurabhsood91: he did prefix it by 'interested', but I don't like that either
15:22:50 <zimba12> manugupt1: ok, great
15:23:07 <suseROCKs> zimba12,    how about using the ownCloud newsletter to promote the spot?
15:23:09 <manugupt1> zimba12: I missed it somehow and I will make try it does not happen next time
15:23:29 <zimba12> suseROCKs: I am using our ml already
15:23:46 <suseROCKs> oh  ok
15:23:57 <saurabhsood91> zimba12: could you add a line on the wiki, saying that we have a student interested?
15:24:01 <suseROCKs> didn't notice, but then again, I haven't looked at the latest newsletter  (haven't seen it yet)
15:25:42 <vuntz> anything else on gsoc?
15:25:51 <vuntz> did we already apply?
15:26:03 <manugupt1> Yes
15:26:09 <manugupt1> No vuntz we will apply this weekend
15:26:15 <manugupt1> We have a few questions
15:26:20 <zimba12> when is the deadline for adding project on the wiki page?
15:26:25 <vuntz> #info we will apply next week-end
15:26:35 <manugupt1> zimba12: preferably this friday
15:26:41 <zimba12> manugupt1: ok
15:26:53 <suseROCKs> vuntz,   I believe he said this weekend, not next weekend  :-)
15:26:57 <saurabhsood91> manugupt1: i dont think there is a deadline. we can keep on adding projects
15:27:13 <saurabhsood91> i dont think we freeze the ideas page when we apply
15:27:16 <manugupt1> saurabhsood91: preferably because we are also vouching for stk and syslog :)
15:27:27 <darix> manugupt1: which syslog exactly?
15:27:27 <zimba12> saurabhsood91: well, having a lot of projects in the ideas page matters only during the application time
15:27:29 <manugupt1> We wont freeze it anyways but we will clean them up this weekend
15:27:31 <saurabhsood91> manugupt1: ok...
15:27:33 <manugupt1> syslog-ng
15:27:37 <darix> rsyslog? syslog-ng, old classic syslog
15:27:39 <saurabhsood91> manugupt1: yeah. remove the mentorless ones
15:27:46 <saurabhsood91> syslog-ng
15:27:57 <darix> saurabhsood91: i would add osc2 with me as mentor please
15:28:16 <saurabhsood91> darix: cool...
15:28:26 <darix> UI work this year
15:29:02 <saurabhsood91> darix: will add it, but will need a description of what is expected
15:29:25 <manugupt1> I have a few questions
15:29:34 <manugupt1> sorry few questions without the "a"
15:29:54 <vuntz> sure, fire :-)
15:30:30 <saurabhsood91> darix: could you send a short description? i will add it to the wiki
15:30:40 <manugupt1> First one is regarding ideas, as I was discussing with saurabhsood91 that if we allot atleast one idea to a project (say ownCloud, etc) might not be feasible as openSUSE in general had last year 7 projects
15:30:56 <manugupt1> If mentors decide that would be great
15:31:30 <manugupt1> that can also mean, a project (not from openSUSE) can also get ignored
15:32:05 <manugupt1> But that would be mentors deciding amongst themselves and no role of us
15:32:09 <manugupt1> How does that sound
15:32:26 <zimba12> manugupt1: oh, will be have a limited number of projects in total?
15:32:32 <manugupt1> zimba12: No
15:32:46 <manugupt1> the idea was atleast 1 so that no one is annoyed
15:33:04 <vuntz> manugupt1: in the end, I think it's up to the admins to decide how to handle that. If you want to delegate that to mentors, then it works (at least, for me :-))
15:33:20 <manugupt1> zimba12: but then mentors decide on other slot together
15:33:40 <vuntz> (it kind of makes sense to see if mentors can come to an agreement, and only step in if needed)
15:33:51 <manugupt1> I think vuntz is right
15:33:57 <manugupt1> zimba12:  can I have your opinion on it
15:34:04 <saurabhsood91> vuntz: i agree. seems a decent way
15:35:05 <vuntz> zimba12: opinion?
15:35:21 <zimba12> not sure I understand the issue
15:35:41 <zimba12> google doesn't give a bound on the number of projects, does it?
15:35:51 * zimba12 forgets the rules every year
15:35:53 <saurabhsood91> zimba12: we will have a limited number of slots for opensuse, and would have to decide how many slots each rach colocating project gets
15:35:55 <manugupt1> zimba12: Google gave us 7 slots last year
15:36:01 <saurabhsood91> manugupt1: 12
15:36:13 * manugupt1 is forgetful as well :(
15:36:15 <zimba12> <zimba12> manugupt1: oh, will be have a limited number of projects in total?
15:36:15 <zimba12> <manugupt1> zimba12: No
15:36:36 <zimba12> ^ misunderstanding?
15:37:11 <manugupt1> zimba12: Question was this If we have 12 projects, and say openSUSE is coparticipating with supertuxkart and ownCloud
15:37:31 <manugupt1> then should all the projects (12) be decided by mentors itself
15:37:43 <manugupt1> or give atleast 1 project to ownCloud and supertuxkart
15:37:57 <manugupt1> and then the remaining 10 is decided amount openSUSE, ownCLould and STK
15:38:15 <manugupt1> But I feel all the 12 projects should be decided by mentors itself
15:38:50 <zimba12> yes. most important thing is giving it to students who deserve it
15:39:27 <zimba12> that's why it shouldn't be forced to one project or another
15:39:28 <manugupt1> That is good that you agree with us
15:39:37 <saurabhsood91> zimba12: +1
15:39:48 <manugupt1> I have a 2nd question
15:39:58 <zimba12> on the other hand
15:40:05 * manugupt1 waits
15:40:41 <zimba12> this means that all mentors will have to evaluate all the proposals, which is not feasible
15:40:45 * vuntz points out that we another topic to discuss after gsoc :-)
15:41:26 <manugupt1> zimba12: mentors will have to choose the best ideas
15:41:50 <manugupt1> because proposals will come in after the ideas are finalized
15:41:52 <saurabhsood91> and also ones which have the best proposals
15:41:56 <robjo> I am not certain that we have to discuss all the nitty gritty details in the project meetings
15:42:08 <zimba12> robjo: #agreed
15:42:18 <zimba12> we can move on
15:42:19 <manugupt1> zimba12: You can discuss on #lugmanipal with me and saurabhsood91
15:42:20 <robjo> some of this appears to me should be discussed when the time comes and we actually have slots and students
15:42:28 <vuntz> ok
15:42:42 <vuntz> manugupt1: any other major gsoc-related topics?
15:42:42 <saurabhsood91> agree
15:43:25 <manugupt1> vuntz: STK asked us a question if openSUSE gets in then how do we handle the money that comes to openSUSE
15:43:40 <manugupt1> As they want to buy a tablet for their use
15:44:12 <vuntz> so, for money
15:44:26 <vuntz> this will likely work like for last year
15:44:37 <vuntz> money will go inside SUSE, but marked for use for openSUSE
15:45:00 <vuntz> I'll ask if we can use the money like that
15:45:03 <vuntz> but sounds doable to me
15:45:08 <manugupt1> so since STK requested us for money, we can earmark it from openSUSE for them right?
15:45:21 <robjo> AFAIK by the time we get paid by Google openSUSE will have it's own account
15:45:32 <vuntz> #action vuntz to figure out if GSoC money can be used to buy a tablet for the project (or a co-participating project)
15:46:00 <vuntz> manugupt1: should work, but I'll check to be sure
15:46:09 <manugupt1> vuntz: Sure thanks
15:46:20 <vuntz> anything else for gsoc?
15:46:23 <manugupt1> I think thats all from my side :)
15:46:37 <vuntz> saurabhsood91: also good for you?
15:46:42 <saurabhsood91> vuntz: yes
15:46:59 <vuntz> let's move on the,
15:47:15 <vuntz> #topic LinuxTag
15:47:34 <vuntz> Ilmehtar had to go
15:47:43 <vuntz> but he left me this:
15:48:32 <vuntz> We're looking for volenteers for LinuxTag, we have had 2 community members step up and 2 SUSE employees offering to help when they can. More will help, please contact RBrownCCB@opensuse.org - I dont know the situation as to whether TSP will be able to help, but I'm following that up
15:49:20 <Ilmehtar> Thanks!
15:49:33 * Ilmehtar is running for a train
15:50:05 <robjo> Ilmehtar: go faster, don't miss it ;)
15:50:12 <suseROCKs> Ilmehtar,   the train can't run by itself?
15:51:08 * manugupt1 has had one more topic if people would allow 2 minutes
15:52:03 <vuntz> no question on linuxtag?
15:52:09 <vuntz> (sorry had to run for two minutes ;-))
15:52:30 <vuntz> #info we have 4 people offering to help, more help is welcome
15:52:42 <vuntz> #info please contact Ilmehtar if you want to help
15:52:49 <vuntz> okay, no question on this
15:53:05 <vuntz> #topic AOB
15:53:08 <vuntz> so any other thing?
15:53:13 <manugupt1> yeah..
15:53:15 <vuntz> manugupt1: you mentioned you had another topic?
15:53:19 <suseROCKs> AOB?
15:53:26 <vuntz> any other business
15:53:59 <manugupt1> One thing this November we will have FOSS.in, openSUSE's traditional prescence on Asia's largest conference has been very low, also FOSS.in promotes highly technical talks
15:54:36 <manugupt1> So I guess if anyone can come and give a talk representing openSUSE would be very good
15:55:29 <vuntz> #info FOSS.in (conference in India) will be in November; openSUSE-related talks are welcome! :-)
15:55:42 <manugupt1> We may apply for a booth, along with that the same may give us a chance for a hakathon or a get together
15:55:54 <saurabhsood91> manugupt1: +1
15:56:04 <manugupt1> in India
15:56:07 <vuntz> manugupt1: if there's a good topic for a hackathon, that could make sense
15:56:35 <manugupt1> vuntz: yes.. off course :)
15:57:05 <suseROCKs> while it is good to import people to "seed" a major event in a particular country (like we did at SCaLE two years ago and now it is very self-sufficient locally) the primary goal has to be to infuse local community
15:57:27 <suseROCKs> In other words, it should be viewed as an investment with the ROI being increased local commitment in subjequent years.
15:57:44 <suseROCKs> To that aspect, what can we do to shore up local community commitment to openSUSE in the region?
15:58:00 <manugupt1> suseROCKs: The booth will be handled by Locals right :)
15:58:28 <suseROCKs> And can the locals also give talks?    We generally consider the booth staffers also the presenters.
15:58:28 <robjo> manugupt1: locals should give the talks as well
15:58:49 <manugupt1> robjo: Talks off course, We will apply
15:59:07 <saurabhsood91> robjo: that would be preferable, but it is an open suggestion to the community
15:59:25 <manugupt1> But as far as I know FOSS.in has taken prominent speakers in the past
15:59:40 <manugupt1> I will contact srinidhi and atri for talks
15:59:49 <suseROCKs> the possible problem is that the local community may not be educated eough on the primary benefits and technical expertise.  That's where a first year import-infusion can be beneficial.
16:00:25 <suseROCKs> So, probably a good idea would be to first identify where the knowledge gap exists locally, figure out if they can be taught beforehand, and if not, send people there  with the idea that we don't keep sending people every year from faraway places.
16:00:52 <robjo> saurabhsood91: sounded more like "wee need someone to come and talk", sorry for the misunderstanding, I do not appear to be alone on this though ;)
16:01:04 <suseROCKs> If we have to keep sending people annually, then well..> I consider that a failed investment
16:01:32 <vuntz> #info suseROCKs points out that we should use this as an opportunity to help grow the local community that will be able to do more and more for such local events in the future
16:02:18 <vuntz> manugupt1: might be worth discussing your plans for foss.in on the opensuse-ambassadors or opensuse-marketing lists
16:02:24 <saurabhsood91> robjo: it is not as if we 'need' sometone to come and give a talk. it is just that it would be good. we would try and get more indian speakers to apply on opensuse, and that will be very desirable if we have a sizeable number
16:02:42 <manugupt1> vuntz: Sure..
16:02:56 <saurabhsood91> it would do well to rev up the indian community ;)
16:03:16 <manugupt1> saurabhsood91: +1
16:03:31 <vuntz> ok, any other topic / question?
16:03:31 <suseROCKs> saurabhsood91, +1  even if India is a very small country with only 1 Billion people or so.
16:03:40 <vuntz> (and we can keep discussing foss.in after the meeting, obviously)
16:04:31 <suseROCKs> I have a brief one,
16:04:41 <vuntz> go ahead
16:04:50 <suseROCKs> I'd like to recommend you add an "Initiatives" secton to the agenda permanently... Let me explain...
16:05:23 <suseROCKs> In the olden Project Meeting days, these meetings were fertile ground for creating new ideas during meetings.     For example, Community week was a byproduct of an in-meeting discussion.
16:05:46 <vuntz> suseROCKs: just add it to the agenda? :-)
16:05:48 <suseROCKs> so if you have an "initiatives" section, dedicating the last 10 min or so of a meeting, you might encourage people to come up with great ideas during meetings.
16:06:19 <suseROCKs> vuntz,   yes, as a permanent part of your agenda
16:06:24 <Roguehorse> That sounds cool +1
16:06:33 <vuntz> #info suseROCKs suggests to have a permanent "Initiatives" topic to the agenda so that new ideas can be discussed during the meetings
16:07:03 <vuntz> suseROCKs: you misunderstood me: I was meaning that you should simply go ahead and add it to the agenda ;-)
16:07:49 <suseROCKs> vuntz,   I kind of understood that, even if you're French!  :-)   I meant to say, it shouldn't be something to be remembered and added each time but something that is a fixed part.  That's all  :-)
16:08:03 <vuntz> heh
16:08:06 <anditosan> :D
16:08:07 <vuntz> okay, anything else?
16:08:30 <anditosan> yes yes
16:08:37 <vuntz> very quickly, then
16:08:57 <anditosan> we are working some things out for summit 2013, is the ml for the summit still working?
16:09:04 <robjo> note: 5 board members present today
16:09:06 <anditosan> or can it be enabled agan
16:09:22 <robjo> anditosan: I sent a message to mladmin
16:09:31 <anditosan> robjo: thanks :D
16:09:35 <anditosan> that's it for me :D
16:10:19 <vuntz> #info summit mailing list is getting revived (mailed sent to mladmin)
16:10:20 <vuntz> ok
16:10:26 <vuntz> we're done!
16:10:33 <vuntz> thanks for joining!
16:10:35 <manugupt1> bye.. :)
16:10:43 <vuntz> #endmeeting