<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">16:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">oSC14 organization meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">16:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Thu Dec 19 16:02:29 2013 UTC.  The chair is robjo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">16:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">16:02:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> hi everyone!
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">16:03:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The agenda is posted here: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_meeting#Agenda_for_Next_Meeting
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">16:03:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> ;-)
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">16:04:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> thanx for the agenda paste, we don't have many things to go through today I think.
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">16:04:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> SveborP, robjo hi
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">16:04:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> hi CarlosRibeiro
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">16:04:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> it seems there aren't many people here today
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">16:05:31 </span><span class="nka">* tux93</span> <span class="ac">is reading</span>
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">16:05:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> so, most of the items of the agenda are reports to be commented upon
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">16:05:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> That might make it easier to reach decisions ;)
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">16:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> indeed :-)
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">16:06:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> +1 on the logo from my side
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">16:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, are you ok with the chosen logo in the end? I really liked seeing the way it evolved through various proposals :-)
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">16:07:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> Lucijana told me she couldn't be here today, but wanted to say she had some minor tweak ideas for the logo, but we're for it.. so
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">16:07:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> also +1
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">16:08:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> not bad about the logo. Lots of elements, keep the openSUSE original logo, but you know what? TO be honest I believe in the main time whe will find something more" wow that is the logo"
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">16:08:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> maybe a little variations or something else that I dont know what is it now
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">16:09:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> but as I said before... it's ok
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">16:09:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> maybe combination with other graphics for various materials?
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">16:09:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;enola_&gt;</span> hello :)
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">16:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">16:09:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">16:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> you are right
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">16:09:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> hi enola_
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">16:10:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, onto the motto, I think it makes sense to somehow reflect the topics at the conference, so we chose "The Strength to Change"
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">16:10:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> Im thinking when we will be creating badges, tshirts, flyers, brochures... so s we have several elements inside the logo will not be difficult to work with combinaing with the situation
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">16:11:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> two points about moto.. I mean, i have two questions
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">16:12:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> motto should be something specific and related with  the conference or should be a motto that refletcs the general project situation... or even a mix of both ideas?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">16:12:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> anditosan, hi man ;-)
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">16:12:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> hey
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">16:12:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> hi anditosan
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">16:12:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> are we talking about the motto?
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">16:12:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> anditosan, yep
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">16:12:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I just started to comment right now about the motto
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">16:12:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> What's the issue with robjo s motto?
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">16:12:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, I think the motto should be a little of both
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">16:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> and maybe a more about the project and topics at the conference (IMO)
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">16:13:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> the motto is exactly that, for the first time we will have a "business track" and we have major changes going on in the project
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">16:13:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, I agree and I liked
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">16:13:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> my point is not about this
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">16:14:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> my point or my question is a previous step
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">16:14:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> if the purpose of motto is to reflect the actual situation of the project ... awwesom it s perfect
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">16:15:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> nice, so we all like it? :-)
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">16:15:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> I give it +1
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">16:15:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> but if the purpose of the motto is to reflect somehow a connection wit the place, area, region or hosted country.. maybe is not the best choseen
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">16:15:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ah, sorry for replying to quickly :)
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">16:15:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> see the FIFA world cup motto for Brazil 2014
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">16:15:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> I don't think it has to be about the host country
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">16:16:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> I mean, we are going to have fun in the host country / town /area, but.. the conference is about opensuse
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">16:16:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> every time, the event chance hosts also together with the host changes motto and identity to better reflect or make connection with the hosted country
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">16:16:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> So far we have not considered the location fro the motto, henne has sent a nice summary of past mottos and their motivation, I think this one fits in line with previous years
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">16:16:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;enola_&gt;</span> I don't really get the *strength* to change, I think it's more about courage, but that wouldn't sound good...
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">16:17:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> robjo, +1
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">16:17:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> btw I'll work as volunterr at the FIFA 2014 as I alredy was approved few days ago.. and now during my training I seen many things about the volunterr topic that we can apply here in the conference
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">16:18:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I only suggest 1, don't make it a paragraph 3-4 words max, 2 don't make it a tong twister ;)
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">16:20:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think the last time we agreed that the decision is up to the core team, lets not re-visit everything at every meeting
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">16:20:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> well, I see it like this. the discussion about the motto on the ML stopped, there have been 2 votes for the strength to change, and two votes on the first meeting for the geeko kingdom. if we are changing, we need to choose another motto right away because it needs to be done.
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">16:20:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> SveborP, +1
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">16:21:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> then let's propose some new mottos in the ML and vote
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">16:21:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I not agains t the actual motto, I just don't fells like the motto fits the motto purpose
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">16:22:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> good
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">16:22:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> uh, let's not.. it's been there for far too long. we either change it here during this meeting or stick to the motto we chose, like we agreed on the last meeting
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">16:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> No, we need to move forward, lets stick to what we already agreed on
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">16:22:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> then let's go with what was chosen
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">16:23:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> anditosan, I agree.. we can't change it in a jiffy I think and for it to stay good...
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">16:24:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> let's keep talking about motto in ml
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">16:24:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Logo and Motto finalized as posted in the agenda</span>
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">16:25:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, report on trip to dubrovnik this weekend
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">16:26:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, anditosan SveborP let's keep finish this and keep the chosen one even I believe we have the skills to find a better one ;-)
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">16:26:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> as this topic is the huge impact of the next activities
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">16:26:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> we will go to talk with the tourist agency owner about accommodation, with the people at the university, to record some POIs for the map, and with City of Dubrovnik officials
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">16:27:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> I think it is too late. The motto was chosen in the ML and to reformualte a new set of words will take another long discussion. Let's stick with what we have. The limitations on design are always like this, work with what you have and use your creativity to build something around it.
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">16:28:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> anditosan, I agree I just believe we can do better ;-)
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">16:28:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> so I expect to return with offers and ways to book for various types of accommodation (private apartments, rooms, hotels ...)
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">16:29:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> At the University we'll try to speed up the work on contract with SUSE for the venue, and try to make a few photos of the conference area
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">16:29:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> we'll talk about possible sponsorship from the city of dubrovnik
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">16:29:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> and go see the proposed party places
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">16:30:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> so, any suggestions and ideas you might have for us to do while there, please ... email them or tell me now
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">16:30:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Take as many pictures as you can of everything, hopefully we can incorporate a good chunk of them in the web site
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">16:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Provide information on using public transport
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">16:31:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> how does one get from the airport/train station to .....
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">16:31:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if there is any info on "how to use the public transport system" that would be great
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">16:32:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> i.e. are there automated boxes, how much money is a ticket etc.
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">16:32:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Is it hot in april in croatia? beach party maybe?
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">16:32:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, we'll look into that
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">16:32:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> http://www.holiday-weather.com/dubrovnik/averages/april/
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">16:32:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> This stuff is often hard to find on line and difficult to figure out when on site
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">16:33:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> not too warm, and not too cold
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">16:33:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> beach bon fire then! :D
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">16:33:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> I will seriously look into that possibility
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">16:33:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> if we have time is will not be so expensive I believe the transport system help during conference, must be also inside the badge and in the conference androind application to
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">16:34:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> robjo had an idea that would benefit from such a party
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">16:34:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> how faris Plitvice national park from the site? It would be a nice place for that oS party?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">16:34:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> amon0thoth1, not close I'm afraid
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">16:35:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, yes, that is a good idea
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">16:35:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> I have seen an interactive map that Tomo sent me at some time
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">16:35:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I don't think we have had many outside parties in past conferences, so it sounds cool!
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">16:35:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> but it was croatian only
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">16:35:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> :-(
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">16:36:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> anditosan, in thessaloniki we have party in the beach
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">16:36:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> yup, amon0thoth1 .. around 5 hours car drive
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">16:36:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> was awesome
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">16:36:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> oh nice!
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">16:36:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, and what kind of bars do you guys prefer - for the welcome party
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">16:36:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I believe we haveabout 5 parties during the conference... yep now I remember, almost every night :D cool
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">16:37:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> and how many people do often show up there?
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">16:37:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> omg! too far for geekos.
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">16:38:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexandros&gt;</span> Hello...
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">16:38:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> SveborP, kind of bar? simple one i believe
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">16:38:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> :-) ok
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">16:38:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> alexandros, hello
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">16:38:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> alexandros, hi
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">16:38:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> what i wanted to ask is - music or no music
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">16:38:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> I think the "how many people" question is best addressed via mail based on previous events, lets gather input from henne, _miska_ and differentreality
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">16:38:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexandros&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, i confirm everything you say about oSC13...
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">16:38:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;enola_&gt;</span> Mljet national park is closer to Dubrovnik
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">16:39:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> alexandros, ;-)
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">16:39:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> music yes, but it's not a "dance party" ;)
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">16:39:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> SveborP, we must do not forget about the volunteers party
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">16:40:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ah, ok. volunteers party wasn't on my list. :-)
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">16:40:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> robjo, roger on the number
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">16:40:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> there are beautiful beaches close to Dubrovnik. I do not know how close they are (Banje, Pile, Lapad)
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">16:40:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> amon0thoth1, there are also fun places to go around dubrovnik, Lokrum is just 15 minute boat ride from old town http://www.dubrovnik-secrets.com/ds/islands_lokrum.html
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">16:41:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> it's all very close
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">16:41:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, +1 for send a question to henne, miska and differentreality  about how many ppl
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">16:41:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> But we need to see how do we organize such a party without getting the police tu chase us out of there.. :-)
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">16:41:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> the party stuff will be basically up to you, you and your team have the best knowledge of available venues, no need fro input from people that live far away
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">16:42:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> +1
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">16:42:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> I know, but it's nice to see what seems interesting to others.. in the end we will do it and try to make it fun for everyone
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">16:42:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> SveborP, do you know someone that wishes to participate in the event that have a bar?
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">16:43:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> the police in our party? I say, let's have fun hahahah
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">16:43:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, Tomo knows a few people, and I will talk to him about it
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">16:44:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, moving on
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">16:44:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> sponsorship brochure - Izabel made and sent a few drafts
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">16:45:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> I will go through it over the weekend and we'll have it ready soon I hope
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">16:45:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> venue contract - Agustin sent the draft
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">16:46:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> oh... I I was waiting for your feedback about the previous one.. like if you want keep the levels model like gold, silver, platinium. ..
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">16:46:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> I will go through it with people at the University in Dubrovnik so we produce feedback by next week
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">16:46:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> do you need editing in the brochure? I can help!
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">16:47:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, probably yes, I just didn't get to really take a look at it yet - got it just yesterday afternoon
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">16:47:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> anditosan, we need first to decide what kind of contents
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">16:47:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> because depending of the contents we can change or not the design
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">16:47:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Ok
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">16:47:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I mean, paragraph editing
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">16:48:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> anditosan, sure, I will just have to first go through it, see if we can contribute to it somehow and then get back to Izabel
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">16:48:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">16:49:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> and after we'll go to editing and such
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">16:49:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> another good idea is to directly ping izabel, henne, differentreality  and ask then what the believe we missed duting the sponsorship brochure after was done, and what they believe that could be improved
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">16:50:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, sure
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">16:50:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> for sure izabel knows what ppl(sponsors) most liked and most dislike during sponsorship brochure presentation
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">16:51:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> I'll let izabel know and as soon as she says it's ok to start sharing further I guess
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">16:51:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">16:52:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, movin on to the CfP plan that robjo sent.. It seems fine by me and I think it's ok to start working on an announcement?
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">16:52:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, any idea or suggestion about how we can improve the sponsorship brochure?
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">16:52:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, sorry, too quick again. :-)
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">16:53:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, 5
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">16:53:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> 4
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">16:53:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> 3
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">16:53:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> 2
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">16:53:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think we should keep the levels we hade previously and we need to stay focused on oSc
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">16:54:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> all the other stuff, i.e. how to make multiple events attractive to sponsors is a separate discussion
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">16:54:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> this needs to happen in parallel and not influence the current plan
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">16:54:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, we are already keeping focus on conference as the sponsorship is one of the most important things about the osc ;-)
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">16:54:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I thought last years brochure was good
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">16:55:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we should keep most of it in tack, IMHO
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">16:55:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, on to CfP
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">16:55:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> without soponsroship hardly we can do other things ... but ok, you like to move ahead, so go on
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">16:55:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> cfp
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">16:56:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> our primary sponsor is not dependent on the sponsorship brochure
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">16:56:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> +1 for the proposal snt by robjo to ml
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">16:57:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> OK, got it. As I said, I will look at what Izabel sent. And I think there hardly will be any changes, even less significant ones. I will probably just agree with what Izabel sent me. :-) I might have some ideas for local sponsors but, it's hard to say now because i really haven't looked at what she sent.
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">16:57:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> sooooooorry all, grandma duty took unexpectedly longer
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">16:57:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> oh grandma!
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">16:57:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> +1 for cfp prposal
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">16:57:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The CfP team also decided that it will take care of the keynote seaker
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">16:58:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> thus we will solicit ideas from the community for a speaker and then make a selection
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">16:58:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> hi differentreality
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">16:59:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexandros&gt;</span> hi differentreality
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">16:59:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> hey all :)
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">16:59:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> differentreality, hello
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">16:59:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> robjo, the proposal you sent actually reminded me we could call someone from Croteam to talk about developing games for Linux
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">17:00:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> so, just putting it out there.. (they are the ones who develop Serious Sam games), could be interesting .. topic might be somewhere between enthusiast and geeko suits
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">17:02:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, moving on?
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">17:02:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I will send a separate e-mail to the list about speaker proposals
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">17:02:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">17:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> With the logo and motto chosen we'll get OSEM set up shortly
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">17:04:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> moving on?
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">17:04:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">17:04:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> ok for moving on by me as I have nothing to add to the cfp
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">17:04:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, so OSEM will be setup shortly
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">17:04:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> and we need announcements
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">17:05:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> so maybe we can define some deadlines for those?
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">17:05:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> I have been working on editing the cfp announcements in the google doc
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">17:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> cool! do you think the 1st one is ready?
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">17:06:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> is it this file? https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OXw9yZKNAtYQLxrv7hz0bKDE6jGaYwCoAXFcW1fX4TQ/edit#heading=h.8cvv3qm6hzn
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">17:07:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> pretty much, but I think it needs extra details, it seems rather short
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">17:07:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Yes, that one
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">17:07:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, can we help?
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">17:08:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> or maybe put the comments into it so anyone that wants can contribute
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">17:08:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> and maybe have it published by Monday?
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">17:09:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Yes, if you can add more deatails about it I can edit more for you
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">17:09:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Put a deadline on the trello card and I will look at it
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">17:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> for the record cfp announcement will be different - the program committee can easily put the facts there for you... Making it nice, that's a different story ( henne , jospoortvliet... )
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">17:10:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> I'll be there for you :D
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">17:10:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> always
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">17:10:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> :P
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">17:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think we have most everything defined to make an announcement that is meaningful and does not provide information in chunks that are by themselves rather insignificant
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">17:10:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> :D :*** (plz remember what u just said... I want to come to Berlin sometime soon :P)
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">17:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, what do you need for 1st? pictures, stories about Dubrovnik, venue..?
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">17:11:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> yes, that. Especially - a LOGO :D
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">17:11:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but stories - not so much. I can grab stuff from wikipedia, if needed...
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">17:11:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I think, 2 photos and a paragraph pretty much saying why Durbrovnik is such a cool location
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">17:11:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> great, a logo is available here https://trello-attachments.s3.amazonaws.com/51efb2afe6df929a28002210/52a14417b0e4806f090016a8/b8305417bc8e41ff225eeef0d44c97f3/photo.jpg
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">17:11:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> wikipedia? hehehe
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">17:12:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> see https://news.opensuse.org/2013/01/24/opensuse-conference-2013-geeko-gets-geared-up/
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">17:12:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I will put links in comments with logo and/or photos as they come along, if that helps you
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">17:12:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> I need a bit 'about the event', a bit about the city, tickets and registration, sponsoring... Much I can take from last time, I bet.
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">17:12:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, great, will be written
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">17:12:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> rough draft is fine, really rough is ok - bullet points for example :D I'd be happy to polish it
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">17:13:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> nice logo btw :D
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">17:13:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Lets add the CfP information into the announcement as well this year as we have the dates already worked out
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">17:13:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> it is somewhere in svg, I hope?
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">17:13:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> and after that me or andy or artwork team can read  the bullets and give a help to do some artwork for each announcment
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">17:14:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> yes sir. In general, give me all you have - if I think it is too much for one article I will propose splitting up.
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">17:14:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> +1000 on taking the lead on the cfp announce, btw :D
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">17:14:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> and we're waiting for you in Berlin (except for during this christmas, we'll be in NL)
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">17:14:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> thanks :D
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">17:15:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, the logo was done by andres
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">17:15:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, svg already is on github at the conference-2014/Logo/ folder
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">17:16:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> with the good ideas from CarlosRibeiro :D
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">17:16:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I think also that since we uploaded a lot of logo proposals, we will need to clean up git to only have the one that was chosen
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">17:17:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> yes, the logo evolved with CarlosRibeiro and anditosan inspiring eachother.. it's been very nice to watch
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">17:17:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> anditosan, our good ideas and discussions ;-) I just tried to be the bad guy pointing some comments to try to keep the openSUSE identity and country history
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">17:17:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">17:18:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> it would be nice to have the proposals too in my opinion... maybe put "proposal_" inthe beginnig of filename? if that works for you ofc
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">17:18:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> that is a good idea too
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">17:18:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> btw lucjiana helped a lot with the logo too ;-)
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">17:18:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> just to have some differences, but we don't want to turn git into a dump with every idea we've ever had
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">17:18:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> maybe the final logo to be used can say in the beginning "final_oSC14_logo" or sth like that
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">17:19:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> anditosan, +1 for keep clean the github
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">17:20:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">17:20:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> are we still talking about cfp?
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">17:20:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">17:20:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> also for rename and include the final word in the final approved artwork
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">17:20:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> keep clean everything :-)
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">17:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> well, announcements in general.. if henne were here I would ask about the website too
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">17:21:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> one more thing - promo materials for FOSDEM
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">17:22:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> i think last time he said he will be on it once we have sth to put in it, so...
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">17:22:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> the web sit is in github, everyone is free to send pull requests ;)
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">17:22:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> anditosan, we can create two differente folders inside Conference-2014... one for working in progress and another for the final ones
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">17:22:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> and keep all proposals in the working in progress
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">17:22:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> (let's chat about this in the ml or later in irc)
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">17:22:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> robjo, yes, I just wanted to ask henne what exactly do we need to prepare to make a list
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">17:22:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> anf just move to the final named folder when the artwork was approved
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">17:23:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> can we not discuss the organization of the git hub artwork repo in the oSC meeting please?
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">17:23:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> +1
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">17:23:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Moving on...
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">17:24:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, so lets make a list what we need I think: 1st announcement, CfP announcement and FOSDEM materials
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">17:24:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> moving on
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">17:24:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> 1st announcement we settled, CfP is settled,
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">17:24:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> FOSDEM - anything from last year to use as a draft?
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">17:24:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> YES!
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">17:24:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> the cubes / cube-like tux
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">17:24:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> cube
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">17:24:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> differentreality, yeahhh
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">17:25:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> cube- tux paper,
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">17:25:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> :D and we did some posters too (spread along the venue) - btw SveborP are you coming to fosdem ?
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">17:25:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> I am planning to, yes.
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">17:25:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> pretty easy and quickly to adapt to the oSC14 as we already decided the motto and logo ;-)
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">17:25:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> haven't booked a flight yet though
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">17:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I do it
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">17:25:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> https://github.com/openSUSE/artwork/blob/master/Marketing%20Materials/Events/openSUSE%20Conference/2013-oS-Conference/Folding%20Cube/Folding%20Cube%20oSC13.pdf?raw=true
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">17:26:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> https://github.com/openSUSE/artwork/blob/master/Marketing%20Materials/Events/openSUSE%20Conference/2013-oS-Conference/Folding%20Tux%20Paper/Folding%20Tux%20%20oSC13.png
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">17:26:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> Cool, added CarlosRibeiro to Trello
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">17:26:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> task
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">17:26:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ...for FOSDEM
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">17:27:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> can a openSUSE beer bottle fit into that box?
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">17:27:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> what box? :/
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">17:27:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> the cube?
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">17:27:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">17:27:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> (is it a box?) :-D
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">17:28:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> perhapx... (but it is really made to be a cube, closed on all sides)
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">17:28:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> (but you kind of have to print, cut the paper and the glue the sides)
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">17:28:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> so you could leave one side open, but keep in mind that we cannot put that strong paper to the cubes...
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">17:29:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> first of all it will be unnecessarily expensive and secondly if paper is too thick, you cannot fold properly (specially the sides that need to be glued)
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">17:29:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, never mind .. I guess I'm thinking about going for a beer after the meeting so I got a little carried away..
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">17:29:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> (yes, I have a lot of cube training :P)
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">17:29:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexandros&gt;</span> maybe a sticker
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">17:29:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> heh... the right question is if we have cleared all issues regarding the bottles with fosdem team and if we are gonna have opensuse beer at fosdem (and/or osc14)
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">17:29:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexandros&gt;</span> on the bottle
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">17:30:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> or stickers in general.... SveborP do you have any offers to produce such materials?
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">17:30:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> during fosdem party .. I was thinking about to give a geeko money to ppl around
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">17:30:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> it is not only a matter of coming up with designs and ideas but also making the stuff (paying for it and getting it to fosdem)
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">17:30:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRib_:</span> for free?
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">17:30:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> I can get offers as soon as we have materials we want to produce
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">17:30:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> pretty inexpensive, funny and ppl could use geeko money to have a kind of discount in beer
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">17:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> we have a few companies that we work with occasionally
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">17:31:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRib_:</span> discount for which beer? :/
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">17:31:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> we wil not have beer in openSUSE booth?
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">17:31:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I don't know, don't make assumptions plz :P
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">17:31:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I am merely asking
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">17:32:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> so ppl that get the geeko money during fosdem party, maybe could use the geeko money to have a kind of discount or promotion to buy a openSUSE beer during event in openSUSE booth
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">17:32:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> there is probably not enough time to pre-pay for marketing stuff that will go to fosdem... So that's a tiny detail we need to address
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">17:32:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> maybe someone could buy two beers and with the geeko money get the 3rd one for free
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">17:33:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> You could hand out geeko money that is redeemable at oSC
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">17:33:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRib_:</span> sounds complicated to me, because beer party of fosdem... ppl get drunk. Geeko money we give against donation. Who keeps the geekomoney? Who keeps the real money ?
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">17:33:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> will be a nice and fun and inexpensive way to promote oSC14 during fosdem
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">17:33:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> robjo, I was just thinking the same thing
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">17:33:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> robjo, brillant idea
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">17:34:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> to give geeko money during fosdem and ppl that shows during oSC could be redeemable somehow
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">17:35:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes, but... ppl will have to pay to get geeko money or not?
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">17:35:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> because if during osc14 we count on ppl to have paid for the geeko money they use
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">17:35:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> buy a beer, get opensuse money with it
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">17:35:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> but instead they have geekomoney left from fosdem that they got from free... We need to know what is going on
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">17:36:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> yes, we need to know what's going on
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">17:36:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If we run through the numbers lets see what we get
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">17:36:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> how many people go to fosdem?
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">17:36:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> well, we can distribute geeko money freely to a certain amount
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">17:36:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> SveborP, +1
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">17:36:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> that will fit the budget that we decide on
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">17:37:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> after that is spent people will have to buy it
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">17:37:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> roughly 5000 ppl go to fosdem
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">17:37:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> but not these 5000 will came to oSC ;-)
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">17:38:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> obviously :)
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">17:38:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> why don't we just have geekomoney in our nice booth?
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">17:38:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> lets say 70% of those people show up at the openSUSE booth
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">17:38:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> have them play a game to win it
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">17:38:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> there is certainly someone at the booth responsible enough to collect money and give out geekomoney (and if not, I will just be around the corner at fosdem reg desk myself)
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">17:39:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> differentreality, i believe we can have in both situations, during fosdem party and also to have inside the booth
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">17:40:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> I understand your concern, I think, that those that get "free" geeko money at Fosdem are not "equal" to those that have to pay at oSC
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">17:40:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> plus during beer event there might be misunderstandings (ppl thinking they can get beer at delirium with geekomoney?) don't know sounds complicated to me... maybe it is just me (I will be at the beer event for the record)
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">17:40:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> differentreality, dont you think we can have in both situations
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">17:40:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> but lets see how big of a hit we would take
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">17:40:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> ah... ok.... that we can do!
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">17:40:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> we know how many *free* geekomoney we gave away at fosdem
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">17:40:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and so we know what to do at osc...
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">17:40:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> lets say we end up handing out 3500 geeko dollars at fosdem
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">17:41:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> robjo, geekollars :D
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">17:41:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> that's about 70% of the attendees
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">17:41:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> now lets say 1% of those show up at oSC
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">17:42:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> that would be 35
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">17:43:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> no difficult to handle, specially becuase not all of these 1% will remember to bring gekkollars to the conference
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">17:43:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if we "buy" 1 free beer for those 35 we attracted from FOSDEM, I'm OK with that
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">17:43:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> i m cool with it too
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">17:43:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> at lease we remind then during announcments
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">17:43:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes yes yes
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">17:44:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and geekomoney is relatively inexpensive to print
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">17:44:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thus I think handing out free geeko money at fosdem to promote oSC should be OK
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">17:45:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> and with this simple attitude we can help a lot to promote and do marketing (also looking fdor possible sponsors during FOSDEM) using geekollars
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">17:46:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> are we close to the end of the meeting? Coming up to 2 hours now
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">17:46:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> Ok, added to Trello. Where do we print it? I can ask locally.
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">17:47:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> but this time if we use, we must print on green paper not gray one ;-) looks more fun in green than in gray
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">17:47:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> anditosan, I think we are
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">17:47:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> last year someone from sus ewas kind enough to take care of that and just get it to us
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">17:47:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> that would be very nice
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">17:47:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">|miska|:</span> ? jospoortvliet ?
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">17:48:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> who handled fosdem stuff last year? and who does this year?
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">17:48:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> not sure, the ML has a mail from richard looking for a new volunteer. I believe Bruno tigerfoot stepped up
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">17:48:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I have to go, folk, sorry
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">17:48:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> probably best if you can find a local (to fosdem) print shop. Paper is relatively  heavy to shlep/ship around
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">17:48:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> have a nice day and please - mail the results of this meeting to the ML!!!
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">17:48:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> don't forget that!
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">17:49:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> absolutely right on that account. But also - we in Nue are going to be printing stuff, SveborP - send me a mail about this, please. I can probably ensure some of those flyers get printed and brought to FOSDEM :D
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">17:49:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> jospoortvliet, thanks
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">17:49:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> I'm involbed in the Fosdem thing,
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">17:50:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> SveborP, in the same corner as we stayed last year have a print store if Iḿ righ.. at maximum 2 block aways from the hotel I have sure
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">17:50:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> acting as coordinatoor, but need lots of volunteers :-)
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">17:50:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Yes, if stuff gets brought from NUE to FOSDEM, piggy backing on that is the best approach ;)
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">17:50:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> tigerfoot, can you coordinate the printing too? if jospoortvliet won't be able to bring all the stuff we send?
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">17:51:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I'd say that part needs to move to the ML
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">17:51:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> SveborP thanks to taking care of getting the stuff printed so we can spread it out at Fosdemd
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">17:51:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> put him in CC when you mail me :D
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">17:51:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok :-)
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">17:51:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> in last resort I've some backup plans to get things printed, but then I need to use the Geeko car .-)
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">17:51:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I think we should really talk to the specific person in charge of the material to fosdem to avoid any problems (that or jos...)
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">17:51:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> who is here from openSUSE team at suse ?
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">17:51:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> differentreality, I quite believe Richard have handle fosdem last year
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">17:52:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> not the stuff from NUE office though
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">17:52:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> the person in charge is several, but count on Ilmehtar to kick ass and cwh at Nue
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">17:52:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> haha I can do that :P
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">17:52:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> but they don't have a bus or whatever for the moment :-)
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">17:53:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> it's chaos organization, but well they have done that for the last 4 years :-) so I believe it will work ...
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">17:53:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ah right...
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">17:53:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> OK, so we have cubes and geeko money
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">17:53:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> that's also aproblem...
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">17:53:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> I need a big flag too, the logo is nice ..
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">17:53:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> SveborP, + tux paper
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">17:54:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> and tux paper. so, we produce the artwork, mail jospoortvliet and tigerfoot and it's done :-D
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">17:54:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> and we'll solve problems as we go
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">17:54:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> SveborP, oSC14 promo Cube, Tux Paper and Geeko money
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">17:54:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and poster ?
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">17:54:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think we should have a reasonably sized poster advertizing oSC at FOSDEM as well
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">17:55:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRib_&gt;</span> I can take care of this artwork
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">17:55:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> with 30 euro I can take care of the standing banner
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">17:55:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> (after I get the artwork that is)
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">17:55:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, added the checklist to trello
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">17:55:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> standing banner +1 at that price
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">17:55:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> Kostas will come I suppose ? so put the standing banner in his bag :-)
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">17:55:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tigerfoot&gt;</span> or trousers
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">17:56:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">17:56:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> (note this is only for printing... I will bring the mechanism I have, which I will take back afterwards)
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">17:56:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tigerfoot:</span> unfortunately not
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">17:56:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> other greeks will
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">17:56:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> are we done with oSC items?
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">17:57:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> we are
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">17:57:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> next meeting is in January, it is already on the openSUSE calendar.
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">17:57:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Enjoy the holidays everyone
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">17:57:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> any volunteers to write a report of the meeting to ML? :-)
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">17:57:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
