<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Sep  4 15:02:17 2013 UTC.  The chair is vuntz. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:02:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so, who's here?
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:02:26 </span><span class="nka">* vuntz</span> <span class="ac">looks around</span>
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> Ilmehtar?
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:02:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Hello ...
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:02:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> FunkyPenguin?
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:03:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> still no topic on the agenda
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:03:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> while we wait for people, does anyone have a topic?
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:04:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> better late than never!
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:04:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> I'm here!
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:04:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Ok ...
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:05:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> somethings horribly wrong with my 12.3+junk installation and NTP, my clock is drifting.. says 16:01 here
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> clearly wrong, it's 17:05!
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:05:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> you guys still live in the past with a weird timezone!
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:05:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> I'll fix that
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:07:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> no robjo? that's not like him
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:07:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:07:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> and, well, there's nothing to discuss?
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:09:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> not from me, testing to be done and packages to package, nothing worth mentioning to the rest of the project
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Well guys ... I was around to ask if there's any update on booth kits etc? LUG Mauritius together with University of Mauritius will be organizing LinuxFest some time around November ...
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:09:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> ishwon, +1
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:09:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> I'll be doing 2 presentations, openSUSE and MATE Desktop ...
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:10:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> is anyone from the openSUSE Team @ SUSE here? jos would be the best I guess..
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:11:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> A few weeks back I did one presentation during a LUG meetup ... Hopefully, one of the folks got impressed by openSUSE ... started using and joined the Advocate program as well ...
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:12:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Btw ... I don't seem to see traffic on opensuse-ambassadors mailing list ... coz I introduced the guy, but saw like no response afterwards :P
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ishwon:</span> the Board isn't aware of any progress on the booth kits, it might be an idea to contact jos@opensuse.org as he's the person on the openSUSE Team @ SUSE who's most involved with that.
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:12:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so, no jos :/
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:13:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> ok, no worries ... i'll ping Jos concerning booth kits then (:
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:13:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> ishwon, right I agree that responses, specially in this case is essential. Kind of ambassadors/advocate welcome message
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:13:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> I suspect the sticking point is still the artwork, I believe they're hiring a designer but until they have one, I think the new boxes might be stalled
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> Ilmehtar, hmmm this sounds like the artwork for the box, will be made by one person and not a artwork team :(
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:15:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro_:</span> I believe I've seen jos reach out for help from the artwork team repeatedly, but have no luck
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:15:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> oh ... ok. i'll ping Jos and try to get updates then.
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:16:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> unfortntly I have no much time nowadays, andy is too busy with summit, and others too... maybe is a good idea to have a artwork meeting focused on the box
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:16:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> to have the box desgin done as quickly as possible
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:17:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ishwon, Ilmehtar: please make sure to share results of your investigation on this topic during the next meeting!
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:18:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> will do
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:18:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Yeah, sure.
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:19:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok, any other topic ?
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:19:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;victorhck&gt;</span> about openSUSE planet ?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:20:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;victorhck&gt;</span> is alive?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:20:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> any updateds from certificates?
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:20:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;victorhck&gt;</span> I mean there are some administrator for add new blogs?
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:20:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro_:</span> I dont know..I thought you were working on the certificates
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:21:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> Ilmehtar, no... I just waiting like you from the answers from the members commit, or something like that
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:21:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Maybe I can ask to add openSUSE feeds from my blog too (:
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:22:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> I remember that we decided to leave this topic to members commit to decided how to make this happen in case they like to have certificates for members
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:22:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro_:</span> theres been no response to my questions, and I cant see how we can really add certificates to the process, the acceptance emails are all automated in connect
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:23:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> Ilmehtar, and if we create a scripit to attach the certificate with the automatic response from connect?
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:23:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro_:</span> do you know anyone who can develop connect to add that feature?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:23:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">victorhck:</span> for planet: afaik, now you just need to send a pull request to https://github.com/openSUSE/planet.opensuse.org
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:24:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> hmmm maybe zoumpis or theo, but I'm not sure
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:24:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro_:</span> I believe the source is here: https://github.com/openSUSE/connect
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:24:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ancor has done some work with connect, developing the new tsp app, not sure if he could also help on this
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:24:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> needs to ask them if they have skills (I believe so) and if they have time to do it
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:25:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Booth kits</span>
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:25:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (sorry, just creating the minutes a bit late ;-))
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:25:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">No info right now, probably waiting for artwork</span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:25:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">ishwon to reach out to jos to get status update on booth kits</span>
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:25:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Ilmehtar to reach out to jos to get status update on booth kits</span>
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:26:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Other topics</span>
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:26:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Planet openSUSE: people should be able to add their feeds by sending a pull request to https://github.com/openSUSE/planet.opensuse.org</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:27:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;victorhck&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:27:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> yup, ok for the pull request
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:27:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">member certificates: currently stalled; needs work in connect to be able to send the certificate with acceptance mail to new member</span>
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:30:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> nothing else to discuss on certificates?
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:30:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> who is going to chat with ancor?
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:30:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> not by me
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:31:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancor&gt;</span> what do you need from me?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:31:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> oh, well, he's here
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:31:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ancor:</span> just say "yes, I will!" :-)
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:32:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ancor:</span> we need you to add a feature in connect, to offer certificates
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:33:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancor&gt;</span> I have interfaced with connect (the TSP app does) and I even have direct access to the machine were connect is deployed, but I will need more information about the certificates thingy
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:33:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> @ancor, certificates to ppl that has been approved to be openSUSE members
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:34:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ancor:</span> CarlosRibeiro_ came up with this idea of producing nice certificates our new members could print out and hang on their walls to say they're openSUSE members..
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:34:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> by members aproval team
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:34:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ancor:</span> the best/easiest way to deliver these certificates would be if we could have them automatically attached to the welcome email sent when the Membership Committee approve a new member, a process done using connect
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:35:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> or just send a link for ppl to download it ?
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:35:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> ancor,  pretty much as similar Ubunt* does, take a look here https://picasaweb.google.com/104830275042059445407/21DeAgostoDe2013#5914588393515072194
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:35:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro_ or someone will need to produce a template... then we'll need some way to automatically fill the certificate in before we deliver it as a PDF to the member as part of the mail..or what differentreality says..a link would work
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:36:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> I like the idea about to send a link, but I think will be better if we can upload to the members page at connect
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:37:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancor&gt;</span> I see. I will get one if I implement the feature? ;-P  just joking
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:38:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> Ilmehtar, About the template... no problem, I can create one pretty simple, fast ... I just have to need the approval of the board and or members aproval team, to not spend my time doing something that will not be used ;-)
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:38:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancor&gt;</span> well, I will put on eye on it. Nex week I'm on vacation
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:38:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancor&gt;</span> (when "vacations" means "away from the computer") but I will provide a reply/estimation/whatever afterwards
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:39:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro_:</span> I dont think the members approval team will really care, especially if this doesn't mean any more work from them. I don't think this really 'needs' board approval either - "Just do it" ;-)
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:39:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ancor will look at implementing this in connect in a couple of weeks</span>
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:39:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> btw I already did some certificates for events that I organized, to give to the volunters, pretty much same as this one https://picasaweb.google.com/104830275042059445407/OpenSUSECollaborationDay#5555735225249894802
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:40:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro_:</span> though I guess you might need board approval if you want all our signatures on the certificates
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:41:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> Ilmehtar, does we cannot use a kind of scanned, eletronic signature to attach to pdf?
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:41:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro_&gt;</span> I think so
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:41:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro_:</span> probably
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:43:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> that's really a detail we can easily work out, I think :-)
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:44:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> yup
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:44:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:44:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:45:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> one more thing
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:45:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> if we have 2 minutes
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:45:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> sure
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:46:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Google Code-in maybe announced this year, if it does not can we open up junior jobs and maybe seriously advertise it a bit so that we can get some contributors involved in contribution
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:46:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> new comers..
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:46:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> if anyone does not know about code-in I can explain
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:47:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I think nobody would be opposed to that, but the big issue is the usual one: finding enough people to help with organizing and mentoring
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:48:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> what do others think?
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:48:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (or do you need a short intro about code-in?)
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:48:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> as far as organizing, i can help in ... and i can pull in some university students to participate
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:49:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> I loved the year I helped mentoring with google code-in. It was a lot of work, but really really rewarding, and one of the contributors I mentored is still with us as a regular openSUSE contributor who's gone from strength to strength
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:49:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> so I can certainly vouch that it's a really great and fun thing to be involved in
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:49:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ishwon:</span> it is for school students but we can have a parallel program instead if you are ok?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:49:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> code-in but our program will be open to all
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:50:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> do we have the same format as last year? as in 10 orgs only?
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:50:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> problem with our own programs is getting students.. as google marketing makes it easier for us
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:50:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> I dont know they have not announced it yet..  and I am not expecting a gci because of  shifted timelines
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:51:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> that is why I am asking for a parallel programs
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:51:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> ah, i see ... ok then, as soon as more details are available i'll try helping on my end
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:51:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> oh. i missed the 'maybe' in your quote...
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:52:02 </span><span class="nka">* saurabhsood91</span> <span class="ac">cleans his glasses ;)</span>
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:52:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> a parallel programme sounds enticing
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:55:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:55:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> do you know when we'll know whether there'll be gci or not ?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:56:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> i dont think we can tell :/
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:56:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> I missed everything after saurabhsood91 cleaned his glasses because of a power cut
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:57:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1_:</span> lol. there was not much you missed. vuntz asked if we can know when gci may or not be announced
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:58:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> looks like he's gone again...oops
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:58:10 </span><span class="nka">* vuntz</span> <span class="ac">wonders why saurabhsood91 cleaning his glasses would cause a power cut</span>
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:58:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> i am here :)
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:58:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> next thing is we wanted to lay a really formal set of guidelines
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:58:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> for gsoc, is that good or bad
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">16:00:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> lol. i think he meant there was a powercut at his place :D
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">16:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1_:</span> for gsoc?
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">16:00:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> yes
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">16:00:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1_:</span> I don't see why it'd be bad
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">16:01:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1_:</span> ok. that should be done
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">16:01:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> can we have an action item for the same then?
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">16:02:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> what would the action item be?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">16:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> create guidelines?
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">16:03:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> yeah.. we forget usually
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">16:03:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> it is better we get reminded every 15 days if we dont do it
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">16:03:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> vuntz, manugupt1_: improve the wiki page?
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">16:03:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">manugupt1_ to discuss set of guidelines for GSoC</span>
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">16:03:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Google Code-In: we don't know yet if this will happen this year</span>
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">16:04:06 </span><span class="nka">* Ilmehtar</span> <span class="ac">has to go</span>
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">16:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> see you all later!
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">16:04:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">if it doesn't happen (or even if it happens) we can have junior jobs</span>
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">16:04:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">manugupt1_ to work with others on junior jobs</span>
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">16:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> there you go :-)
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">16:04:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> see you!
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">16:05:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> that is it from my side too :)
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">16:05:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">16:05:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok, I need to go too
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">16:05:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;awafaa&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> am i too late?
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">16:05:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> and it's past one hour
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">16:05:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">awafaa:</span> a little bit? :-)
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">16:06:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;awafaa&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> sorry boss, chasing lawyers
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">16:06:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> let's end the meeting here, but if there's more to discuss, just keep going :-)
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">16:06:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
