<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by vuntz at 15:00:38 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Review of past AIs</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-25'>vuntz</a>, 15:03:25)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">Ilmehtar and darix will discuss the cloaking
    topic tomorrow</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-31'>vuntz</a>,
    15:05:07)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">Ilmehtar and
    darix work out the cloaking thingy</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-34'>vuntz</a>,
    15:05:23)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">for planet.o.o, we got volunteers to help
    maintain (thanks!)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-46'>vuntz</a>,
    15:08:04)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">darix points out we need a ticket system to
    handle planet-related requests</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-48'>vuntz</a>,
    15:09:03)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">still need to find the right solution to let
    volunteers be able to maintain planet.o.o</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-51'>vuntz</a>,
    15:09:37)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vuntz to help
    sort the planet.o.o maintenance</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-66'>vuntz</a>,
    15:13:47)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">for reference, planet.o.o is maintained at
    https://gitorious.org/opensuse/planet-opensuse</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-71'>vuntz</a>,
    15:14:23)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-73'>vuntz</a>, 15:14:38)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">many projects added to the ideas page</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-87'>vuntz</a>,
    15:18:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">including 14 projects that have mentors</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-91'>vuntz</a>,
    15:18:45)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">working with other orgs that will possibly
    co-participate with us (owncloud, supertuxcart, syslog)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-96'>vuntz</a>,
    15:19:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">we will apply next week-end</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-128'>vuntz</a>,
    15:26:25)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vuntz to
    figure out if GSoC money can be used to buy a tablet for the project
    (or a co-participating project)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-210'>vuntz</a>,
    15:45:32)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">LinuxTag</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-218'>vuntz</a>, 15:47:15)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">we have 4 people offering to help, more help is
    welcome</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-229'>vuntz</a>,
    15:52:30)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">please contact Ilmehtar if you want to
    help</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-230'>vuntz</a>,
    15:52:42)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">AOB</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-232'>vuntz</a>, 15:53:05)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">FOSS.in (conference in India) will be in
    November; openSUSE-related talks are welcome! :-)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-240'>vuntz</a>,
    15:55:29)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">suseROCKs points out that we should use this as
    an opportunity to help grow the local community that will be able to
    do more and more for such local events in the future</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-260'>vuntz</a>,
    16:01:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">suseROCKs suggests to have a permanent
    "Initiatives" topic to the agenda so that new ideas can be discussed
    during the meetings</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-277'>vuntz</a>,
    16:06:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">summit mailing list is getting revived (mailed
    sent to mladmin)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html#l-291'>vuntz</a>,
    16:10:19)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 16:10:43 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2013-03-20-15.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>Ilmehtar and darix work out the cloaking thingy</li>
  <li>vuntz to help sort the planet.o.o maintenance</li>
  <li>vuntz to figure out if GSoC money can be used to buy a tablet for the project (or a co-participating project)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> darix <ol>
    <li>Ilmehtar and darix work out the cloaking thingy</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> Ilmehtar <ol>
    <li>Ilmehtar and darix work out the cloaking thingy</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> vuntz <ol>
    <li>vuntz to help sort the planet.o.o maintenance</li>
    <li>vuntz to figure out if GSoC money can be used to buy a tablet for the project (or a co-participating project)</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>vuntz (89)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (61)</li>
  <li>zimba12 (35)</li>
  <li>saurabhsood91 (31)</li>
  <li>suseROCKs (29)</li>
  <li>darix (19)</li>
  <li>robjo (9)</li>
  <li>anditosan (9)</li>
  <li>Ilmehtar (8)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
  <li>Roguehorse (2)</li>
  <li>wstephenson_ (1)</li>
  <li>FunkyPenguin (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
