<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: openSUSE project</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: openSUSE project</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by vuntz at 15:00:06 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">oSC13 progress/issues</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html#l-31'>vuntz</a>, 15:04:37)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">organization is doing rather well</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html#l-44'>vuntz</a>,
    15:06:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">help is still needed, though</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html#l-45'>vuntz</a>,
    15:06:50)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">one area for help: press (to get the word out,
    and to invite press people to the event)</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html#l-51'>vuntz</a>,
    15:07:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">organization team would like to see more
    involvement from the board</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html#l-162'>vuntz</a>,
    15:29:22)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">there's a balance to be found about involvement
    from the board (board cannot be involved everywhere, but oSC is
    important)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html#l-167'>vuntz</a>,
    15:30:00)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">warlordfff to
    send mail to board about concrete tasks board can help with</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html#l-168'>vuntz</a>,
    15:30:15)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vuntz to make
    sure the whole topic is discussed in next board meeting</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html#l-169'>vuntz</a>,
    15:30:33)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">discount for hotels only work when reserving by
    mail (except for Nea Metropolis, where online system works
    too)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html#l-202'>vuntz</a>,
    15:39:11)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC Status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html#l-213'>vuntz</a>, 15:40:59)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">everything is good so far!</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html#l-218'>vuntz</a>,
    15:41:51)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">we got 12 slots</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html#l-225'>vuntz</a>,
    15:42:39)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">lots of discussion about how to select the best
    proposals and how to split the slots among suborgs</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html#l-310'>vuntz</a>,
    15:57:53)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Any other question?</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html#l-327'>vuntz</a>, 16:00:45)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">ticket system for the infrastructure is almost
    ready</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html#l-337'>vuntz</a>,
    16:01:51)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 16:09:56 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2013-05-15-15.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>warlordfff to send mail to board about concrete tasks board can help with</li>
  <li>vuntz to make sure the whole topic is discussed in next board meeting</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> vuntz <ol>
    <li>vuntz to make sure the whole topic is discussed in next board meeting</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> warlordfff <ol>
    <li>warlordfff to send mail to board about concrete tasks board can help with</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>warlordfff (121)</li>
  <li>vuntz (94)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (56)</li>
  <li>Ilmehtar (30)</li>
  <li>zimba12 (22)</li>
  <li>differentreality (20)</li>
  <li>tampakrap (14)</li>
  <li>nemo (13)</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet (8)</li>
  <li>CarlosRibeiro (5)</li>
  <li>sheepluva (4)</li>
  <li>victorhck (4)</li>
  <li>anditosan (3)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
  <li>robjo (2)</li>
  <li>wstephenson__ (1)</li>
  <li>zoumpis (1)</li>
  <li>cboltz (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
