<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:00:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:00:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Nov 27 15:00:25 2013 UTC.  The chair is vuntz. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:00:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:00:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I assume Ilmehtar is not far away
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:00:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> who else is here?
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:01:10 </span><span class="nka">* CygniX</span> <span class="ac">is not a member is here :)</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:01:19 </span><span class="nka">* differentreality</span> <span class="ac">here</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:01:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexandros_&gt;</span> here
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:02:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> No agenda :(
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:02:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> anything people would like to discuss?
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:02:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> maybe the current thread on opensuse-project@?
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:03:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Also the meeting is not in the openSUSE Calendar, who's got the necessary powers to add some more?
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:03:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> good catch; anyone from the news team should be able to do that, I think
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:05:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok, let's go quickly over the past action itemls
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:05:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">action item review</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:05:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> jospoortvliet to check with TSP about ability to deal with reimbursement of local materials
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:05:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> That's done, we have an answer
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:05:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> need more people for TSP and need to form a separate team for local marketing material production
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:06:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;antlarr&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> please note that jos is on holidays this week, so I'm not sure if he'll be available to do so these days
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:06:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We need more people for TSP</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:07:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">We will form a new team to deal with reimbursement of local marketing material production</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> BTW the process to expand the TSP team is on the way
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:07:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;antlarr&gt;</span> I think he returns next monday, so if it's not urgent...
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:07:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">antlarr:</span> oh, we don't need him, he completed his action item :-)
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:07:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;antlarr&gt;</span> aah :)
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> next one is:
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:08:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> toscalix_ to discuss reimbursement of local materials with Ilmehtar and/or vuntz
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:09:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I had some lng discussions with toscalix, but we forgot this topic
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:09:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> that being said, I think we're all set as the plan to move forward is to have a new team to handle this
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:10:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> is there any question on this?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:11:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> nope?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:11:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Also see the board meeting minutes, the board needs to follow up on the money question with SUSE
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:11:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> good point
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:11:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> last action item:
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:11:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> Everyone help with documenting new features and providing screenshots for the release, this is important to the release and its quality
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:11:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I guess we can consider this done :-)
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:11:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;coolo&gt;</span> not really. I don't think everyone helped :)
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:11:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ahah
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:12:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> btw, our release is awesome, again thanks to everyone who contributed!
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so, no more action items!
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> woo
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:13:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> do you want to do a quick summary about the summit?
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:14:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:14:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE Summit Summary</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:14:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Summit was successful, we had almost 100 people attend
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:15:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> many ppl from SUSE or most part from community?
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:15:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Sessions were well attended
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:15:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> a lot of SUSE people but was not a "SUS only" event ;)
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:16:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I have not separated out  SUSE employees, they are community members as well
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:17:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Personally I was very happy with the Saturday Keynote and found it great and inspiring heard good comments from others as well
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> not at all suse employess are openSUSE members... but I got the point... we have ppl from SUSE and from community, pretty good
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:18:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> there were a lot of discussions in the "hallway track" about the project which was great to
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:18:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> most of those discussions were non technical and will help us move the project forward, also see the board meeting minutes about the state of the Summit going forward
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:19:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> On a personal note, it was very rewarding to see people come together and share their knowledge, discuss the project and the distribution
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:19:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> about the numbers... does anyone knows if does we have more attendees than previous summit, to be able to measure?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:19:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> from my point of view the work to get the Summit pulled together was worth it
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:20:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> I do not know
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:21:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> I think we had slightly more people last year, but there were some LUGs that were meeting during the summit
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:21:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Overall I think it was a good event
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:21:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, ok, but is good to know ;-) to let us able to measure and really check if we grow in numbers of attendess or not
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:21:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> so the figures from last year are not "pure" openSUSE figures
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:21:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> vuntz, yeap, you are complety right
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:22:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> Is it the right time/place to discuss paste.opensuse.org?
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:22:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> once we're done with the current topic, yes :-)
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> growing number of attendees would tell us something, but I am not certain it would tell us what we really want to know, are we getting more users and contributors in the US/Americas
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:24:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> does we have before summit topic done, I have two things to ask about the sumit, but i prefer to wait because I wait and see if my doudts will be answers before I ask
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:24:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think a growing number of attendees would probably only tell us something about he local area
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:25:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> don't get me wrong, I'd be thrilled if we could grow the local community in the Orlando area
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:25:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> ask, I am about done
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:25:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> ok, my turn
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> i did not seen videos, does we already have it
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:26:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> No videos were taken, we did not have the equipment or manpower
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:26:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> some friends of my here asked about to have in future openSUSE summit in brazil.. is this possible? did we already decided where will be the next summit?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:27:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> There is generally no objection to have Summits around the world
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:27:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> there is a chance that we will have a Summit in China next year
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:28:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> For the US it has been decided that we will try a different approcah, see the board meeting minutes
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:28:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, ok, thanks for the answers
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:28:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> no more question by me about summit
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:28:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Board_meeting#Meeting_2013-11-22
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:29:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;coolo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> thx. was about to ask for a pointer
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:29:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If you want to organize a Summit in Brazil you are free to do so, if you need money you'll have to work with the board
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:30:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, ok I got it ;-)
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:30:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> that's all from mee on the SUmmit unless there are other questions
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:30:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> s/mee/me/
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:30:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> anyone?
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:31:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Good summary of the summit, read the log for details ;-)</span>
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:31:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">But in short: it was a good event!</span>
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:31:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:31:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> let's move on
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:32:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">picture on the Summit G+ page</span>
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:32:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">paste.opensuse.org</span>
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:32:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> here's the microphone :-)
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:32:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Thanks to Alex for taking the pictures
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:32:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> paste.opensuse.org needs to updates
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:33:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> the software and the https cert
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:33:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> for example trying to past the content here http://pastebin.com/FtyZFBnc you will be called a spammer
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:34:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> have you contacted the infrastructure team?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:34:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> second, try going to https://paste.opensuse.org/ you can see the cert does not match url, and it's not a opensuse cert.
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:35:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> no, I dont know who to contact
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:35:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> admin at opensuse org :-)
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:36:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> just send a mail, and you're done!
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:36:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> OK
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:36:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexandros_&gt;</span> also before 1-2 days i tried to edit the wiki page about FOSDEM and there was a problem with the log in...
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:36:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> And the ticket system for admin is done I think, hurray a long standing item complete :)
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:37:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;coolo&gt;</span> it's done
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:37:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;coolo&gt;</span> https://progress.opensuse.org/projects/opensuse-admin
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:37:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;coolo&gt;</span> (not sure what you can see there without a login, but hey :)
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:37:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alexandros_:</span> same thing, login problems need to go to admin
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:37:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alexandros_&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:38:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Sometimes you have to clean out your cache and some cookies :(
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:38:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> it's annoying I know
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:39:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> Oh, and of course, my openSUSE membership :P
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:39:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> no better time to bring it up :)
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:39:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> https://progress.opensuse.org/issues/1123
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:40:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> that's up to the membership commitee, before the elections they generally get a lot of requests, thus things take a bit longer
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:40:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> I see
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:41:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Speaking about the elections..
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:41:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Please read the candidate platforms and vote when the time comes</span>
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:42:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:42:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Board_election
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:42:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> I guess that answers your questions?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:42:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> with regards to paste.opensuse.org, yes
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:42:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> btw, really don't hesitate to contact the services team -- they're nice people!
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:43:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> I will send an email in a little bit
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:44:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:44:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Any other topic?</span>
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:44:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> anything else people would like to discuss?
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:44:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">do not forget the oSC14 kickoff meeting on Friday</span>
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:45:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">15:45:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> sorry for not putting it up earlier
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">15:46:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> we are looking for a new gsoc admin
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">15:46:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> as a backup for b0th gci and gsoc next year
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">15:46:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> sorry I missed the meeting - had a conflicting meeting at the office
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">15:47:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we're still going ;)
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">15:47:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> great! I'm happy I didn't miss the meeting - thanks vuntz for covering the topic that included my name :)
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">15:47:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> have you asked among the current mentors?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">15:47:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> how do I contact the service team?
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">15:48:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Services_team
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">15:48:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> I cant see your ticket you linked to - is your request about an openSUSE.org email or an IRC cloak?
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">15:49:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> thanks
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">15:49:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> that ticket was about opensuse membership+IRC cloak
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">15:49:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> 21:15] &lt;robjo&gt; #info do not forget the oSC14 kickoff meeting on Friday [21:16] &lt;manugupt1&gt; we are looking for a new gsoc admin [21:16] &lt;manugupt1&gt; as a backup for b0th gci and gsoc next year [21:16] &lt;Ilmehtar&gt; sorry I missed the meeting - had a conflicting meeting at the office [21:17] &lt;robjo&gt; we're still going ;) [21:17] &lt;manugupt1&gt; \also... me and saurabh will be thnere [21:17] &lt;manugupt1&gt; but we are facikng tim e issues in the co
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">15:50:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CygniX:</span> I can handle the IRC cloaks - I've got a bit of a backlog which I hope to clear this week
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">15:50:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1_:</span> ah, there you are :-)
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">15:50:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> 16:47 &lt; vuntz&gt; manugupt1: have you asked among the current mentors?
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">15:50:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> I have not asked anyone yet
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">15:51:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CygniX&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> that would be great
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">15:51:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> But I think someone new would be good
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">15:51:15 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1_</span> <span class="ac">waits</span>
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">15:52:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1_:</span> I would suggest to ask if there's any mentor who'd like to be more involved, as the mentors are generally already people who care (which is a requirement)
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">15:52:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think a mail to -project will reach the wides audience or a post to openSUSE on g+
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">15:52:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1_:</span> also an option might be to ask people from other projects that we generally work with for GSoC
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">15:52:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> That includes the mentors list or should I contact them
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">15:54:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1_:</span> yes, ask on the mentors list. And then what robjo suggests :-)
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">15:54:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Recently approved openSUSE members who have not received their IRC cloaks should get them in the next few days, assuming their Cloak &amp; Freenode Nick details in connect.opensuse.org are present and correct - contact rbrownccb@opensuse.org for help.</span>
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">15:54:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> What should I do?
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">15:55:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1_&gt;</span> Ok.. I will do that
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">15:56:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">15:56:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">15:57:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so I think we're done
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">15:57:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> thanks everyone!
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">15:58:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
