===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by Ilmehtar at 15:04:45 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2013/opensuse-project.2013-11-13-15.04.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* action items review  (Ilmehtar, 15:12:43)
  * ACTION: jospoortvliet to check with TSP about ability to deal with
    reimbursement of local materials (carried over from 30.10.2013)
    (Ilmehtar, 15:13:26)
  * ACTION: toscalix_ to discuss reimbursement of local materials with
    Ilmehtar and/or vuntz  (carried over from 30.10.2013)  (Ilmehtar,
    15:13:44)
  * ACTION: Everyone help with documenting new features and providing
    screenshots for the release, this is important to the release and
    its quality (carried over from 30.10.2013)  (Ilmehtar, 15:14:02)

* any other topic?  (Ilmehtar, 15:15:55)
  * ishwon presenting on openSUSE and the Advocate program at Linux
    Festival in Mauritius http://linuxfest.lugm.org/ . no locally
    produced materials, but PCs with openSUSE will be available for
    visitors to see openSUSE  (Ilmehtar, 15:17:52)
  * Screenshots, Features, Official Announcement and Features Guide are
    actually all done and sent to the press. Thanks to everyone who
    contributed!  (Ilmehtar, 15:24:36)
  * Advocates are encoraged to share what they're upto - blog, post to
    the opensuse-ambassadors mailing list, spread the word!  (Ilmehtar,
    15:31:06)

* Board elections  (Ilmehtar, 15:34:32)
  * Board elections are soon! Candidates have until Sunday 17th November
    to announce their candidacy - We need more candidates!  (Ilmehtar,
    15:35:29)
  * Please either stand up for candidature or nominate someone who you
    think would be a good candidate  (Ilmehtar, 15:35:57)
  * Nominations can be sent to election-officials@opensuse.org -
    Candidate announcements should be sent to both
    election-officials@opensuse.org and opensuse-project@opensuse.org
    (Ilmehtar, 15:37:04)



Meeting ended at 15:44:38 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* Ilmehtar
  * toscalix_ to discuss reimbursement of local materials with Ilmehtar
    and/or vuntz  (carried over from 30.10.2013)
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * jospoortvliet to check with TSP about ability to deal with
    reimbursement of local materials (carried over from 30.10.2013)
  * Everyone help with documenting new features and providing
    screenshots for the release, this is important to the release and
    its quality (carried over from 30.10.2013)



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* Ilmehtar (34)
* ishwon (14)
* digitltom (7)
* ancor (5)
* bugbot (2)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4