<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">17:03:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Summit 2013 kick-off</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">17:03:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Thu Aug 29 17:03:17 2013 UTC.  The chair is robjo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">17:03:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">17:03:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> hi everyone and welcome to the Summit kickoff meeting
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">17:04:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> who's here for the meeting?
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">17:04:18 </span><span class="nka">* malcolmlewis</span> <span class="ac">is</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">17:04:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">17:04:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> here
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">17:04:59 </span><span class="nka">* diamond_gr</span> <span class="ac">just watch</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">17:06:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> ping
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">17:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> ping :D
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">17:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> gmelo
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">17:06:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> I'm here for the meeting….
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">17:06:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, I have no specific agenda, I am just going to rattle off stuff that needs doing
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">17:07:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> carry on :D
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">17:07:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Wiki needs more love: https://en.opensuse.org/Portal:Summit
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">17:07:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We still have last years banner :( although the subtitle has been fixed
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">17:07:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I can make a new banner
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">17:08:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Great, once you're done please add it to the wiki
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">17:08:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ok! :D
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">17:08:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> no need for proposals, just trust your own judgement and post it to the wiki
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">17:08:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The side bar on the portal needs to be updated as well.
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">17:09:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">17:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The SUSE sponsor logo needs to be switched to the new SUSE logo
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">17:09:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> I can fix that.
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">17:09:25 </span><span class="nka">* anditosan</span> <span class="ac">is writing down like crazy!</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">17:09:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> or get the new logo to anditosan if needed
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">17:10:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">drdavis:</span> either way works :D
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">17:10:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> ok will fix that.
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">17:10:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> yes, someone from SUSE (because our logo is super protected) needs to either send the new logo to anditosan or just update the wiki, gmelo?
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">17:11:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> nah, I will just fix it directly
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">17:11:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> I already have the new logo
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">17:11:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> could this logo be also shared on the artwork git in svg format? The old one is there.
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">17:11:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">drdavis:</span> thanks
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">17:11:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> count me in robjo
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">17:11:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> I can update the Sponsor logo….
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">17:11:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> I have eps or png at the moment.
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">17:12:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> unfortunately for whatever reason the new logo needs to be "protected" don't ask me I think that's stupid, but I am not in charge
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">17:12:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> drdavis - please, send me the png and I'll update the sponsor logo. please, can you do that?
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">17:12:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">drdavis:</span> that works also. I think it it beneficial for further productions to have a copy on the artwork git
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">17:12:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> ok, no problem
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">17:12:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> could you remove the old logo from the artwork git please?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">17:12:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> we will just make official requests for it if needed
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">17:12:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">17:12:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">17:13:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We may have an issue with our keynote :(
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">17:14:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Although Chuck had lined up a keynote speaker, other people had long decided that we should not pay for a key note speaker
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">17:14:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I am trying to get that decision re-evaluated but have not heard back yet :(
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">17:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> in case this person you're looking for to present cannot be there, what can be done instead?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">17:14:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If I have no answer soon I will have to cancle the arrangement :(
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">17:15:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> :(
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">17:15:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> This mean we have to look for a keynote speaker from a sponsor or from SUSE, i.e. someone who is already going to be there.
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">17:15:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> options are?
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">17:16:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I have not explored that avenue yet, thus I cannot list any options.
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">17:16:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I mean, do we have a list of sponsors going to susecon that we can ask to stay for the summit?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">17:16:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> Think you could get Flaxa to repeat what he did for openSUSE conf?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">17:16:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I am certain we could enlist Michael Miller, but we had that last year.
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">17:16:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Michael is great. Always welcome imho
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">17:17:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I'd like to stay away from re-cooked presentations
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">17:17:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">17:17:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> sponsors for SUSE Con are lining up but nothing is set yet.
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">17:17:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> you can feature me, no problem! hahaha
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">17:18:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Anyway, we still have a bit of time. I will keep chasing this
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">17:18:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> let's keep that as an to-be-done thing then
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">17:18:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> From the board we will have Vincent and myself present
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">17:18:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">robjo continue to pursue answer about keynote speaker funding</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">17:19:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> on the subject of presentations...
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">17:19:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">anditosan update wiki https://en.opensuse.org/Portal:Summit</span>
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">17:19:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> do you think it is convenient to come up with a special summit presentation template for presenters?
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">17:19:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Getting there
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">17:19:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> I do not think we need a special presentation template
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">17:19:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">17:20:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amonthoth&gt;</span> What about Nils Brauckmann lik keynote speaker?
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">17:20:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> what about Nils Brauckmann?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">17:20:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">amonthoth:</span> gmelo: again, first I need to get a definitive answer on the original plan, than I worry about contingency plans
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">17:21:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> sounds good robjo
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">17:21:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The summit will be opened by the board, i.e. vuntz or me, thus the keynote if for Saturday morning, not certain if that would be a good place for a Nils keynote
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">17:22:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we need to also get more talks submitted
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">17:22:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> since we are at it, if I may
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">17:22:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amonthoth&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> got it
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">17:22:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I can write a request to be posted in the news for talk submissions
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">17:22:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> as of today we have 2.75 hours worth of content
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">17:23:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> great
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">17:23:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> yes?
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">17:23:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> in osem when we ask people to submit their proposal they can choose between a lightning talk, a workshop a presentation and a presentation.
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">17:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> the 2 identical titles of presentation, being the issue
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">17:23:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> hugs to Stella, by the way! :D
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">17:24:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> but you can fix that you are working on the code ;)
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">17:24:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> or is that a snafu in the way I set up the Summit in OSEM?
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">17:24:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> ofc, depending on what you want fixed exactly. In the beginning for osc13 we just used titles like Presentation(xx min)
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">17:25:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I can switch the titles in that format
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">17:25:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> which is the fastest solution
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">17:25:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> hugs always welcome :D
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">17:25:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I wasn't very happy with the way we did this for oSC
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">17:26:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> a presentation should be 45 - 50 minutes
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">17:26:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> lightning talk is about 15 minutes
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">17:26:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> that should be reflected
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">17:26:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> right now you have 1 choice of presentation for 30 minutes and one choice of presentation of 50 minutes, isn't that what you want ?
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">17:27:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> And we have workshops where the leader should be able to fill in the time 2,3, or 4 hours
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">17:28:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> well this whole thing which would be a total change on how this is handled is up on my list and as soon as I get in touch with henne or matt we can discuss how to approach this better.
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">17:28:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I am not sure if you want to wait until that's done or workaround now
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">17:28:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> Izabel just sent an email about TSP related to the summit.
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">17:28:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> let me ask a different question, if we mess with the code that holds the info for presentation length, what are the effects on the historic data for oSC?
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">17:29:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> depends on what you want to mess I guess... elaborate?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">17:29:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Well for oSC we had presentation 30 minutes and presentation 50 minutes
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">17:30:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> what we have is one field in the database for the length of each type, and this is per conference, as long as that field isn't deleted or changed there shouldn't be a prob with past cconferences
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">17:30:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if we take the 30 minute slot away than all 30 minute presentations for oSC would potentially broken as this type is no longer available, just a guess
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">17:30:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> the time is set by hand, it is not something standard. Wasn't you that made all that here? https://conference.opensuse.org/osem/admin/conference/summit13/event_types
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">17:32:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> yup, I guess I can just rebname Presentation to "Short Talk" does that work for everyone?
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">17:32:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> then we'd be all set
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">17:32:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> and yes, user error ;)
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">17:33:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> thoughts on "Short Talk" ?
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">17:33:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> sorry I suffered some lag here...
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">17:34:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> on that we are talking about talks that last about 15 min, correct?
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">17:34:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes we can do that, still keep in mind that length of presentation is NOT communicated to presenters
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">17:35:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> nop, 15 minutes is the lightning talks
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">17:35:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">17:35:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We would have "Lightning Talk" (15 minutes), "Short Talk" (30 minutes), "Presentation" (50 minutes),
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">17:35:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> and "Workshop" (2,3,4 hours)
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">17:36:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ok, so for now do you want to do the same way as in osc13? 3 workshop types and include time in the title ?
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">17:36:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> the length should be communicated via the UI when the session is submitted
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">17:36:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> are we favoriting one kid of talk/worksho over another? I mean, the summit is shorter than osc and taking log times to do workshops could take away from people looking to do talks?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">17:36:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ok... that means people are submitting stuff without knowing for how much time that is
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">17:37:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The submitter should know what he/she signs up for, i.e. the time length has to be displayed somehow
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">17:37:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> yes summit is shorter, but a workshop takes time
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">17:37:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> the summit website could have an informational section on talks and presentations?
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">17:38:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we cannot get through a package build in say 2 hours, it's too short
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">17:38:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> gotcha!
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">17:38:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> sounds good, go for it ;)
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">17:38:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">17:39:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ancorgs:</span> any chance you are following the discussion ?
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">17:39:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> will you look at OSEM and make certain that the length is displayed somehow?
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">17:39:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes I will
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">17:40:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> also can you have a selection box show up for workshops so the leader can set 2,3, or 4 hours?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">17:40:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> drdavis is taking care of the sponsor SUSE logo… ;)
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">17:40:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> yes already put that on my immediate todo list
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">17:40:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">differentreality look at OSEM w.r.t. display of time length for sessions</span>
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">17:40:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> thank you
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">17:40:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> np
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">17:41:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">anditosan write oo news article to push for session submission</span>
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">17:41:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">robjo add session place holder for town hall meeting</span>
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">17:42:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anything else about the program?
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">17:42:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> check on izabel's email about tsp
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">17:43:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I guess that email you are talking about isnt public anditosan?
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">17:43:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> no, the e-mail was sent to the summit list
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">17:43:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> oh weird, it went to the summit ML, hold on
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">17:43:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> opensuse-summit+subscribe@opensuse.org
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">17:44:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> i'm subscribed... just dont see it
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">17:44:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> delay in the pipe to Greece I guess
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">17:44:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anyway, there is nothing really new there, but I need to have another look at the dates
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">17:45:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">robjo double check CfP dates and make certain they lign up with TSP requirements</span>
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">17:45:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> yeah, I am subscribed and don't see it
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">17:45:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ah so it's not just my crappy internet connection here
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">17:45:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I bet it's a list delay, the message was also sent directly to me
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">17:45:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">drdavis:</span> I don't see it on the archives yet. It should post later I guess
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">17:46:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> but izabel is just giving advice to participate on the tsp
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">17:46:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> list delay, slow ML infrastructure, let blame Lars ;)
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">17:46:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> that information could be good for a news article but I think it needs development still
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">17:46:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> and then it can be included
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">17:47:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> the original new article has the CfP dates in it, but have to check for alignment with TSP requirements
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">17:47:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I will wait for that
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">17:47:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> While we are talking about TSP, at this point we have $5K to sponsor people, IMHO that's a bit on the low side considering the rather high room rate at the resort
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">17:48:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> oh :(
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">17:48:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I have requested more money for TSP
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">17:48:14 </span><span class="nka">* differentreality</span> <span class="ac">wants to join summit this year</span>
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">17:48:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and while we are at it, robjo can you clarify the price of the room ?
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">17:48:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> yes florida is not cheap and travelling from utah it is about 400-500 bucks already
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">17:49:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> I think the SUSE rate is around $140, yea rather price
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">17:49:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Disney want your money ;)
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">17:49:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> is this the correct place to look for that ? http://www.disneynow.com/profile/form/index.cfm?PKformID=0x112633ae34
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">17:49:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I want to ask tsp for the summit this year as well. But only on available conditions.
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">17:49:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anyway, I have requested more money for TSP we'll see what happens
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">17:49:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">17:50:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> http://www.susecon.com/travel.html
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">17:50:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The link for the SUSE rate is on the Summit site, just a sec
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">17:50:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> http://www.disneynow.com/profile/web/index.cfm?PKwebID=0x43473b60a
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">17:51:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> for reservations
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">17:51:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> how much is plus taxes? and if you try to book a room it says the room can accommodate up to 4 people. Does that mean that at $139 + taxes per room, 4 people can be accommodated ?! or are there extra charges? I think it is very veeeeeery important to clarify that on our own website
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">17:51:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> from the SUSECon site it states an additional $15 per adult will be added
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">17:51:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> I assume the same?
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">17:51:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> ah yes, just saw that
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">17:51:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and how much is that plus taxes in USA ?
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">17:52:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> thanks for pointing that out, I will have to chase the answer to that question
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">17:52:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">robjo chase info if hotel rooms can be shared</span>
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">17:52:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> and we should also clarify if it includes breakfast I guess ?
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">17:52:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> taxes depends on the state. Let me check on the % for florida
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">17:52:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I have no idea what the taxes in Florida are
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">17:52:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">robjo chase information on total Hotel tax</span>
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">17:53:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I am accumulating too many action items.....ugh
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">17:53:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> Hi, Total with taxes is US$156.37
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">17:53:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">malcolmlewis:</span> thanks
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">17:53:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> 6%
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">17:53:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> no 12.5 % ?
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">17:54:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">hot cost per night with taxes: US$156.37</span>
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">17:54:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> http://www.taxrates.com/state-rates/florida/
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">17:54:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> well that's what they charged for my deposit
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">17:54:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">this closes 1 action item "robjo chase information on total Hotel tax"</span>
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">17:54:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> if you need me to chase some of the actions I can
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">17:55:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> transporation to and from the hotel is included, but one has to make the reservation on the "Magic Bus" ore whetever it is called
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">17:55:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I believe the magic bus is not that frequent on weekends so beware of that
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">17:55:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> that's also useful for summit attendees I guess, being picked up from the airport
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">17:56:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> the "magic bus" info is already on the web site, if it is not sufficiently detailed, please branch summit.o.o on github and send a pull request :)
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">17:56:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Since we are talking about the location....
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">17:57:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The plan is to have 2 parties in the same place, the patio in front of the conference rooms
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">17:57:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> therefore we need 2 themes and 2 sets of decorations
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">17:57:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;malcolmlewis&gt;</span> robjo, DISNEY�S MAGICAL EXPRESS Transportation is available for select Walt Disney World� Resort room reservations. You must make a reservation prior to arrival at Orlando International Airport by calling (407) 827-6777.
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">17:58:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">malcolmlewis:</span> yup, I think that's what summit.o.o has
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">17:58:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we need to have ideas about party themes
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">17:58:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> # action all send part theme ideas to the ML
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">17:58:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">all send part theme ideas to the ML</span>
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">17:58:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> can we put that to discussion through the ML?
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">17:58:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> no spaces
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">17:59:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> yep, see action item
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">17:59:19 </span><span class="nka">* anditosan</span> <span class="ac">is a late typer ;)</span>
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:00:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we also need to see is anyone that is attending as qualified as a "DJ", we could potentially rent DJ equipment, speakers should already be there
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:00:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> maybe a good resource for that would be the opensuse facebook page, there is a lot of people there that can be asked
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:00:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> there is a greek guy that would like to attend (Alex from osc13) that he might be up for that, I can ask
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:01:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> that sounds much better :D
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:01:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> Last years party we hooked up my iPod to the speakers. ;)
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:01:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> DJ drdavis :)
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:01:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> One more thing on TSP, we could possibly run a "Sponsor a Geeko" campaing to see if we can find sponsors to pick up travel cost of one specific person
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:01:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> don't know if that qualifies as DJ.
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:02:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> does the current website have submission forms for anyone interested in supporting with money and not just the name?
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> no offense bu drdavis is not a qualified DJ ;)
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:02:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I mean, if they can turn in contributions?
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:02:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">18:02:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> lo
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">18:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> lol
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">18:03:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> nope, the "Sponsor a Geeko" would need a web page and a way for people to arrange transferring money
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">18:03:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> maybe that's an option to investigate
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">18:03:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if we run "Sponsor a Geeko" the money would not flow through SUSE or the TSP, it  would be in addition to TSP
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">18:03:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> can't we also arrange for tickets like you did for osc13 ?
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">18:03:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I see
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">18:04:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> Yes, we do want to offer professional tickets, but not yet certain about potential benefits we could offer
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">18:04:32 </span><span class="nka">* anditosan</span> <span class="ac">got some geeko money from osc, does that work? ;)</span>
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">18:05:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> lets see gmelo, care to thnk about the ticket issue and send a proposal to the ML?
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">18:05:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> lets take the "Sponsor a Geeko" discussion to the ML
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">18:06:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we're an hour in and I have at least one more topic
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">18:06:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> me too
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">18:06:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Local outreach
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">18:07:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> At some point we had Steve Dorries volunteer to run the local outreach, and he had committed to be here today
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">18:07:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> is he the only person we know in florida?
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">18:07:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> so I am not certain if the commitment stands or not
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">18:07:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> I don't know anyone in the area
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">18:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I have plenty of time in my hands now that I am not working. I could make some calls but I am not in florida
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">18:08:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> but for loacl outreach we will need to design a flyer
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">18:08:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I got the hint... lol
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">18:08:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">anditosan design flyer for local outreach</span>
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">18:08:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> hey you said you have plent of time ;)
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">18:09:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> lol yes yes... me and my mouth...
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">18:09:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> if you guys don't have a person that can do local outreach I could do research and calls for that
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">18:09:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> once we have the flyer we can get it printed at a local Kinkos
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">18:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I am close to novell, maybe someone there could do that too. If it ends up being cheapers
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">18:10:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> didn't alan do outreach last year?
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">18:10:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">anditosan follow up with Steve Dorries, also research if we can hire a local messenger that can hang fliers at Universities and COlleges</span>
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">18:10:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> maybe he knows?
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">18:11:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think Bryan did the out reach, unfortunately Bryan has fallen off the face of the planet :(
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">18:11:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> :(
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">18:11:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> gmelo and I work out of Provo so we may be able to do it.
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">18:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> drdavis, gmelo awesome! I will stay in touch with you guys. I live in sp fork so super close
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">18:12:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> So we will need flyers in the local Univerities and colleges (we'll have to pay someone to hang them up if necessary) and we'll need to make noise with the local LUGs
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">18:12:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmelo:</span> care to look into local LUG and contact them?
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">18:13:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> ok, gmelo ran out of energy :(
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">18:13:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I'll assign it to him anyway ;)
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">18:13:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> we can bug him later.
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">18:14:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">gmelo find Orlando local LUGs and contact about Summit</span>
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">18:14:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">gmelo think about the ticket issue and send a proposal to the ML</span>
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">18:15:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> That's about all the immediate stuff I have
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">18:15:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> me me me
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">18:15:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> go
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">18:15:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I proposed a website redesign with the assitance of shayonj
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">18:15:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> btw we'll need to establish some kind of regular meeting.
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">18:15:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> the website has not changed yet and I am wondering if there are more people who can assist me with that. I don't know code so I can't change it
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">18:16:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> I was fine with the redisgn, but have no cycles to fiddle with the code
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">18:16:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> plus /me is not a web designer thus everything takes me 5 times as long to do
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">18:16:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> that's ok. I am just wondering how we can move this along if shayonj cannot do it
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">18:17:17 </span><span class="nka">* anditosan</span> <span class="ac">forgives robjo for not knowing web design...</span>
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">18:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> I have no idea, we can send a call for help to -project or we can just live with the code as it is and focus on the content
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">18:18:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ok that's an option as well
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">18:18:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> that's all for me
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">18:18:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> the design is OK as far as I am concerned, yes it can always be improved, but content is probably more important at this point
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">18:18:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> true!
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">18:18:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> \OK, anyone anything else?
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">18:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I am a bit concerned about promotion tbh
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">18:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;drdavis&gt;</span> I updated the logo, but awaiting wiki approval
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">18:19:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we will probably need to have regular meetings, possibly every 2 weeks. I'll send a message to the ML. Hopefully next time we can fir everything into 1 hour
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">18:20:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">drdavis:</span> thanks, I have no idea who the magic approvers are, I think Ilmehtar has admin privileges ;)
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">18:20:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> henne could also do it
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">18:20:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> thanks for attending today and thanks for the help
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">18:20:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
