===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE project meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by robjo at 17:00:46 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2013/opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Quick review of action items from last meeting  (robjo, 17:02:01)
  * LINK:
    https://attachmatehr.silkroad.com/epostings/index.cfm?fuseaction=app.jobinfo&jobid=305560&company_id=15495&version=6&source=ONLINE&jobOwner=1013810&aid=1
    (robjo, 17:05:24)
  * ACTION: robjo to report back at next project meeting about
    transparency of board and potentially inactive members  (robjo,
    17:19:14)
  * ACTION: vuntz to change the calendar for the next two project
    meetings to start 2 hours earlier  (robjo, 17:22:38)
  * ACTION: darix add Ilmehtar to list of openSUSE group contacts
    (robjo, 17:36:46)
  * ACTION: darix teach Ilmehtar the seecret ways of activating cloaks
    (robjo, 17:37:10)

* GSoC Overview  (robjo, 17:39:19)
  * ACTION: manugupt1 saurabhsood91 send mail to -project about GSoC
    ideas page  (robjo, 17:43:44)

* Setting up University Collaboration  (robjo, 17:51:21)

* other stuff  (robjo, 18:08:22)
  * ACTION: tittiatcoke to chase ML merge of news and marketing  (robjo,
    18:12:41)
  * LINK: https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Board_Activities   (robjo,
    18:13:54)
  * ACTION: vuntz discuss with henne shape and form of ML help for
    @opensuse.org  (robjo, 18:17:19)
  * enstage.opensuse.org, destage.o.o for german etc. are available for
    testing, new mediawiki 1.19.3  (robjo, 18:20:01)
  * oSC13 official announcement is right around the corner  (robjo,
    18:21:48)



Meeting ended at 18:23:15 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* darix
  * darix add Ilmehtar to list of openSUSE group contacts
  * darix teach Ilmehtar the seecret ways of activating cloaks
* Ilmehtar
  * darix add Ilmehtar to list of openSUSE group contacts
  * darix teach Ilmehtar the seecret ways of activating cloaks
* manugupt1
  * manugupt1 saurabhsood91 send mail to -project about GSoC ideas page
* robjo
  * robjo to report back at next project meeting about transparency of
    board and potentially inactive members
* saurabhsood91
  * manugupt1 saurabhsood91 send mail to -project about GSoC ideas page
* tittiatcoke
  * tittiatcoke to chase ML merge of news and marketing
* vuntz
  * vuntz to change the calendar for the next two project meetings to
    start 2 hours earlier
  * vuntz discuss with henne shape and form of ML help for @opensuse.org



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* robjo (130)
* manugupt1 (48)
* jospoortvliet (47)
* darix (21)
* saurabhsood91 (19)
* cboltz (13)
* Ilmehtar (13)
* hendersj (9)
* tittiatcoke (6)
* vuntz (3)
* manugupt1_ (3)
* tux93 (2)
* bugbot (2)
* dab214 (1)
* SUSEhelp (1)
* digitltom (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4