===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by vuntz at 17:01:03 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2013/opensuse-project.2013-01-09-17.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Attendance of project meetings from board members  (vuntz, 17:08:02)

* Quick review of action items from last meeting  (vuntz, 17:08:20)
  * ACTION: darix to ask henne about getting someone else to help with
    administrating the mailing lists  (vuntz, 17:09:06)
  * LINK: http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-web/2013-01/msg00000.html
    (vuntz, 17:09:55)
  * cboltz sent a query about the status of wiki upgrade:
    http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-web/2013-01/msg00000.html
    (vuntz, 17:10:47)
  * ACTION: cboltz to monitor status of wiki upgrade and report any news
    on this  (vuntz, 17:11:20)
  * ACTION: vuntz to talk to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE
    (vuntz, 17:12:54)
  * board discussed the Summit topic after last meeting, and asked SUSE
    to book the venue for the week-end  (vuntz, 17:15:34)
  * board also asked SUSE about sharing sessions with SUSECon, to make
    openSUSE a bit more visible  (vuntz, 17:16:05)
  * ACTION: robjo to send a call for volunteers for openSUSE Summit
    (vuntz, 17:16:21)

* Attendance of project meetings from board members  (vuntz, 17:18:18)
  * project meetings are seen as one of the primary venues for
    discussion with the board  (vuntz, 17:22:52)
  * ACTION: vuntz to push board members to be more present at project
    meetings  (vuntz, 17:26:27)
  * ACTION: vuntz to investigate if one hour earlier/later would work
    better for both the board and other community members  (vuntz,
    17:27:30)

* GSoC preparation  (vuntz, 17:29:17)
  * manugupt1 is working on getting a team of admins  (vuntz, 17:33:18)
  * the team of admins will likely be manugupt1 saurabhsood91 and matt
    (vuntz, 17:34:22)
  * ACTION: manugupt1 and admin team to work on wiki pages for GSoC to
    gather project ideas  (vuntz, 17:36:12)
  * ACTION: saurabhsood91 to mail ambassadors to see how to best handle
    sending posters for GSoC to LUGs  (vuntz, 17:49:05)

* Donations  (vuntz, 17:50:09)
  * new SUSE shop went live and the suggestion to have a "Donate to
    openSUSE" button there is back  (vuntz, 17:56:28)
  * ACTION: robjo to investigate the "Donate to openSUSE" button in SUSE
    shop and discuss the topic with different parties  (vuntz, 18:10:00)

* AOB  (vuntz, 18:10:26)
  * ACTION: vuntz to chat with darix about status of setting up irc
    cloaks  (vuntz, 18:16:36)

* Next meeting date & chair  (vuntz, 18:19:53)
  * next meeting on January 23rd  (vuntz, 18:20:06)
  * next chair is robjo (or vuntz if he manages to join)  (vuntz,
    18:22:26)



Meeting ended at 18:22:36 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* cboltz
  * cboltz to monitor status of wiki upgrade and report any news on this
* manugupt1
  * manugupt1 and admin team to work on wiki pages for GSoC to gather
    project ideas
* robjo
  * robjo to send a call for volunteers for openSUSE Summit
  * robjo to investigate the "Donate to openSUSE" button in SUSE shop
    and discuss the topic with different parties
* saurabhsood91
  * saurabhsood91 to mail ambassadors to see how to best handle sending
    posters for GSoC to LUGs
* toscalix
  * vuntz to talk to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE
* vuntz
  * vuntz to talk to toscalix about a paid designer for openSUSE
  * vuntz to push board members to be more present at project meetings
  * vuntz to investigate if one hour earlier/later would work better for
    both the board and other community members
  * vuntz to chat with darix about status of setting up irc cloaks



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* vuntz (149)
* robjo (63)
* manugupt1 (45)
* hendersj (17)
* |miska| (16)
* saurabhsood91 (11)
* victorhck (11)
* izabelvalverde (9)
* Sleep_Walker (7)
* cboltz (6)
* tittiatcoke (5)
* bugbot (2)
* aplanas (1)
* DimStar (1)
* malcolmlewis (1)
* toscalix (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4