<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:38:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Summit Organization</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:38:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Thu Oct 24 15:38:33 2013 UTC.  The chair is robjo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:38:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:39:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Hi everyone sorry for being a bit late, e-mail.......forgot about the time
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:39:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> SO who is here for the meeting?
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:40:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, looks like just a 2 man show today
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:40:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> lets get rolling
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:40:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> action items from last week:
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:41:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> article about keynote speaker and schedule -&gt; DONE thanks jospoortvliet
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:41:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Food situation is that we cannot bring outside food to the event :(
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:41:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I now have the name and contact for the catering person
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:41:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I spoke with here yesterday and the Pizza thing doesn't look to good :(
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:42:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I explained the significance of the pizza with the openSUSE 13.1 release right around the corner of the Summit and she said she woudl check with he kitchen what can be done :)
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:42:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I expect to get an answer in the next couple of days
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:43:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The Mexican themed evening for Saturday is not a problem
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:43:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> will try to organize hats etc. to pep things up a bit
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:43:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> cool
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:44:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We will use Geeko money as "free" drink coupons
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:44:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Upon registration everyone will get some geeko money, redeemable at the bar on Friday for a drink, only beer or wine, no liquor
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:45:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> when you run out of Geeko money it's a cash bar.
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:45:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> rinse and repeat for Saturday night
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:45:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">robjo print geeko money</span>
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:46:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The FLOSS weekly thing is set up, I need to forward the info to jospoortvliet
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:46:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">robjo forward FLOSS info to jospoortvliet</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:46:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> the flyers are printed and ready for pick up. steve will handle the distribution in his area and Orlando, check is in the mail
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:47:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think that covers all the action items from the last meeting
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:47:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> about my University/Colleges/LUGs task, I called all of them and prepared a list which I sent to Steve, you and to the ML. You can count that as done as well. Few Universities were ok about dropping off some flyers; others asked to give them a call to ask for permission.
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:48:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmelo:</span> thanks, as long as steve has the info it's all good, he will do the flyer distribution.
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:48:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:49:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think we are in reasonable shape, as of today we have 38 registered people :( thus the local outreach is critical to get people to the event
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:50:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We do not have any plan for music yet :(
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:50:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">gmelo:</span> can you talk to the SUSECon team to figure out if there are speakers and an amplifier we can use for the weekend?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:51:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> sure. I can ping Darren and ask him to verify that, np.
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:52:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">gmelo figure out if we have speakers and an amp available for the parties</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:52:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we also need to start thinking about the local schedule, i.e. who is manning the registration etc.
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:53:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> someone needs to step up and organize that part, I have no more bandwidth :(
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:54:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we've also had some late additions to the schedule :)
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:54:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> just pinged Darren and he said "Steve told me that tear down nothing until after the Summit they did that last year. ah for the parties. we also did last year, but Alan Clark arranged for that."
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:54:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> thus at time on Saturday we will be running 3 sessions in parallel
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:54:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> he also said he will verify it for us.
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:55:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:55:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, I think that's all the news I have to share for today
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:55:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> me too. Nothing else.
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:55:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I did order breakfast for Saturday and Sunday as well as Lunch for Saturday.
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:56:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I am still on the fence about lunch on Sunday as we end right around lunch time, I am tempted to just let people be on their own
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:57:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">robjo handle evening event food</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:57:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Ah one more thing. The sponsorship brochure is kind of a mess :(
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:57:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;gmelo&gt;</span> that might be a good idea not having lunch on Sunday to save some money. I don't know how the budget is currently allocated but you can use that extra money for something else.
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:58:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> the brochure was created with a "one size fits all" approach, which does not help us for the SUmmit
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:58:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> and the brochure is of course terribly late :(
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:58:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we'll see where that goes over the next week or so. I am afraid we will not have anything to present, it's kind of too late anyway :(
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:59:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> that's really it for today
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:59:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anyone reading the minutes HELP is NEEEDED please step up
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:59:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
