<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">16:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">oSC14 Organization meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">16:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Thu Dec 12 16:02:29 2013 UTC.  The chair is robjo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">16:02:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">16:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> yep!
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">16:02:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> hi SveborP , anditosan robjo warlordfff , TomoS , enola  izabelvalverde
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">16:02:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> hello
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">16:02:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The agenda was sent to the conference mailing list
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">16:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> lucijana, hi
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">16:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Agenda:</span> https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_meeting
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">16:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> hello everyone!
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">16:03:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> I was pinged that the agenda should have been put to wiki, will try to fix it for the next meeting
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">16:04:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> The wiki is always a good idea so more people can put possible items for the meeting
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">16:04:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> it's done, henne did it for this meeting
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">16:04:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Is there already, I believe henne or Stella did it
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">16:04:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> there it is
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">16:04:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> :-) Great! I didn't check... I just stopped working, and jumped right into this meeting.
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">16:05:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, let's start with logo choice right away?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">16:05:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> where you be?  :D
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">16:05:28 </span><span class="nka">* henne</span> <span class="ac">is gone: away</span>
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">16:05:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> good
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">16:06:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> +1 for the red box with the tail, needs some more work IMHO but like the concept
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">16:06:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> any subjections to use crows
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">16:06:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I agree, needs work!
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">16:06:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, I like the crow
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">16:06:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> Yes, it needs work, but I also like it most.
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">16:06:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> I love the crowns, I was thinking it could be something to wear at the conference
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">16:07:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;enola&gt;</span> i vote for the red box with the tail as well
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">16:07:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> not that I don like the redbox but I believe the logo needs to have some medieval identity too
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">16:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> +1 it's the best choise, but needs more work
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">16:07:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am working on making a crown out of foam paper for this
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">16:07:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> I will wear it!
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">16:07:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, we could use crowns for something to wear
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">16:07:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> once I will finish it I wil send you a photo
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">16:07:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> robjo can you add the link easily here?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">16:08:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> maybe we can mix the red box + any crow or include on that something that makes reference with the medieval croatia history
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">16:08:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> question, will we make baseball caps this year?
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">16:08:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I have all of them opened
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">16:08:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I think it will be a great accsorize
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">16:08:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> focus!
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">16:08:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> logo first :D
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">16:08:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> hugs! hehehehe
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">16:08:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> otherwise we will make SveborP crazy!
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">16:08:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> anditosan hugs :D
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">16:08:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> I do not have the link handy, anditosan?
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">16:08:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span>  the one who put us back in order LOL
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">16:09:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> just one tip, we didn't give - please don't use coat of arms like this: https://plus.google.com/photos/104830275042059445407/albums/5954095646508699377/5954107849200803042?banner=pwa&amp;pid=5954107849200803042&amp;oid=104830275042059445407
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">16:09:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> http://s1108.photobucket.com/user/anditosan/media/Logo_Proposal_4_zps6766829e.png.html
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">16:09:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Thanks warlordfff
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">16:09:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> because... it is associated with nationalism locally .. not a vibe I wish for oSC14 to have :-)
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">16:09:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> the point is... the redbox with tail does not make any reference with the place history I mean... historically crows, kings, or something have more identity
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">16:09:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> or don't use coat if arms at all :)
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">16:09:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span>  nothing dude, I still owe you a beer for last years logo :D
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">16:09:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> coat of arms
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">16:10:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> guys I didn't like http://s1108.photobucket.com/user/anditosan/media/Logo_Proposal_4_zps6766829e.png.html
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">16:10:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> hehe, that is more beers now
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">16:10:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> cool, ican take it
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">16:10:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> for me looks like part of debian curve and the box means nothing to me
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">16:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> me neither, that is why I was wondering if SveborP can use his illustrators to make it better
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">16:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> izabelvalverde,  I completly agree
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">16:10:48 </span><span class="nka">* warlordfff</span> <span class="ac">favorite https://plus.google.com/photos/104830275042059445407/albums/5954095646508699377/5954105680335115442?banner=pwa&amp;pid=5954105680335115442&amp;oid=104830275042059445407</span>
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">16:11:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> We should ask lucijana, she would know much better
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">16:11:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, people, this is the discussion that should have taken place on the mailing list!
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">16:11:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but even that needs work
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">16:11:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> lucijana please? :)
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">16:11:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> :) well thanks for giving that much importance.. :)
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">16:11:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> well the one is Geecky, the other is more party-wave
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">16:11:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> motion to postpone the decision on th elogo to the next meeting,  more discussion on the ML is needed
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">16:11:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> if we wont use the crowns.. they should be much simpler
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">16:11:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I like them both tbh
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">16:12:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I have an idea
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">16:12:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> lucijana do you think the motto should come first than logo decision?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">16:12:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> anditosan, CarlosRibeiro?
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">16:12:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> imho.. the tail around cube got the potential.
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">16:13:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> why don't we leave the organizers to have the final vote on this?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">16:13:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> But it shoul be illustrated better,
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">16:13:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> Well, can we use some sort of voting app online? somewhere on opensuse.org maybe?
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">16:13:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> maybe it is too late for that
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">16:13:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> or maybe wait for some more choices.
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">16:13:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> or the motto!
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">16:13:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> It's good to have motto before logo.
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">16:13:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> but you can do an internal voting with just the commeettee
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">16:13:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> anditosan, yes, I do believe we should have a decision the sooner the better
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">16:14:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> yup
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">16:14:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> don't wait we are running out of time....
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">16:14:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> anditosan internal with the organizers and committee :P
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">16:14:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> +1
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">16:14:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> robjo motion +1
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">16:14:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, we will propose 2-3 logos to choose from and have internal vote?
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">16:14:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> +!
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">16:14:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span> +1
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">16:14:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> SveborP good!
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">16:15:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">core team to narrow logo choice to 2-3 options and decide</span>
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">16:15:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Good!
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">16:15:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I suggest to do the same with the motto
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">16:16:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> +1
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">16:16:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">core team to narrow motto to 2-3 options and decide</span>
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">16:16:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, done. The core team will choose a few and then ask the committe to give a few more votes. same with motto, for which btw, we have 2 contenders
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">16:16:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> each with 2 votes
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">16:17:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I believe the locals + and some openSUSEans to assure the combination on what the event in Croatia + openSUSE means
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">16:17:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">16:17:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, I would definitely include a few artwork guys in that vote
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">16:17:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">16:17:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> no artwork guys
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">16:17:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ie anditosan, carlosribeiro ?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">16:17:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> no artwork guys
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">16:17:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> everyone has the option to voice their opinion on the ML, I am certain the team will take those into consideration
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">16:18:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> they are the devil
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">16:18:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> LOL
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">16:18:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">16:18:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">16:18:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> grrr!
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">16:18:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> :P
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">16:18:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> maybe if we put some simpler crow inside the geeko tail will be perfect
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">16:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Carlos Ribeiro, for you: &lt;SveborP&gt; ok, I would definitely include a few artwork guys in that vote
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">16:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt; ;)
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">16:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> &lt;warlordfff&gt; no artwork guys
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">16:18:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> &lt;SveborP&gt; ie anditosan, carlosribeiro ?
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">16:18:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> crown? or crow?
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">16:18:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I am in favor of simple shapes, the more we put inside the logo, the less clear it will be
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">16:19:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> +1
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">16:19:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> +1
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">16:19:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> so you will be discussing between you first :D
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">16:19:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> anditosan, +1
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">16:19:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anyway, we need to keep moving, we have reached action items for logo and moto
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">16:19:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;amon0thoth1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> +1
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">16:19:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I say let's have SveborP illustrators revamp the current proposals and then present them for vote
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">16:20:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok, lucijana, can we do that?
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">16:20:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> sure.
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">16:20:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Thanks guys! :D
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">16:20:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> ok with we work a little bit more in the red box + geeko tail I could probably vote on andy, but as it is I don't see any reference
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">16:20:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> deadline?
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">16:20:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">16:20:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> lucijana, a few days?
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">16:20:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">16:20:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> what about you establish a day for vote and that is your deadline
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">16:20:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> yep.. thats ok
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">16:21:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> monday, tuesday..
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">16:21:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> tuesday :)
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">16:21:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> lucijana, +1
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">16:21:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I like lucijana
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">16:21:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">16:21:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> next?
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">16:21:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> ppl just to remind.. it�s not a simple logo, this will be used as reference for everything... so it's the conference identity
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">16:22:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> anditosan, for this logo you proposed ... what kind of motto really fits on that?
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">16:22:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> anything you want it to be
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">16:22:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> maybe should the opposite side to create motto and then logo
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">16:22:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> anditosan, no... itś not anything
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">16:22:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> the red box represents the squares for croatia
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">16:23:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> anditosan, because must have connection between logo and moto
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">16:23:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> a motto is not a logo, that is why I didn't make it thinking of a motto. Mottos are epxressed with words, not with logos imho
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">16:23:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> please, we have agreed on a course of action lets move on
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">16:23:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> a logo is to represent a brand
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">16:23:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> Ias example, I've create my proposals basea on the motto I sugessted, to have connection between them
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">16:24:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> next?
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">16:24:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> the tail logo could go nicely with the geeko kingdom motto
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">16:24:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> next is quick info on local activities
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">16:24:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">info on local activities</span>
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">16:24:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> We have been talking with head of Department of Enterprise, Tourism and the Sea of the city of Dubrovnik, Tomo went to a few meetings there
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">16:25:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Are they welcoming?
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">16:25:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> we asked for support in form of free or cheaper public transportation, free City walls and museums pass; discount prices in restaurant(s)
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">16:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> and it will hapen to a greater or lesser extent
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">16:26:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> also, we have been given a contact in one tourist agency that would help negotiate private accomodations and hotels for Geekos we really hope to have some offers before Christmas
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">16:27:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> great
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">16:27:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> that's great!
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">16:27:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> Tomo talked with the owner of the agency and they will help.
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">16:28:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> But, one thing, both City of Dubrovnik and The agency (people in them) want is to get me to Dubrovnik for a meeting and introductions. I will try to arrange it at work so I can go, and probably take a few other core team members...
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">16:28:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> That would be lovely! A free ride around Croatia! I need me some sun rays right now!
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">16:28:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> :-D
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">16:29:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> it's actually cold and foggy here right now
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">16:29:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> jealous!
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">16:29:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> but in Dubrovnik.. its always sunny there :)
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">16:29:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> in Zagreb, it's probably nicer in Dubrovnik, TomoS would know..
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">16:29:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;TomoS&gt;</span> Yes, in Dubrovnik is sunny these days :)
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">16:30:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> it is nicer anywhere but in utah with -10 degrees hahaha
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">16:30:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ah... lucky you TomoS . anyway, we'll see. If the trip to Dubrovnik can speed accommodation arrangements, we'll go.
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">16:30:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">16:31:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> so i know that is not time to talk about gifts, but when the time has come I would like to suggest geeko customized sun glasses
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">16:31:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> focus! :D
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">16:31:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> Moving on to FSFE, I exchanged a few emails with Karsten Gerloff
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">16:31:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> +1 and baseball caps
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">16:31:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I think Karsten is fantastic!
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">16:32:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> can we please stick to the topic
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">16:32:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;lucijana&gt;</span> baseball crowns :)
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">16:32:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> have FSFe with us would be great!
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">16:32:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> we proposed FSFE to be a community partner - keynote or lecture, depending on what the program committee agrees on later with him
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">16:32:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> and to put a booth there
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">16:33:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> +1 on FSFE
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">16:33:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> he will coordinate internally and let us know soon of the possibilities
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">16:33:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> SveborP, did you check if we will be able to handle LPI exam tests too
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">16:33:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> its a mix of CfP Team and Sponsors management
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">16:34:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> do we really want to have booths again?
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">16:34:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> this could help us to bring more attendees to the conference
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">16:34:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> did someone interview the booth people last year?
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">16:34:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> nop
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">16:34:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> when I went by them during the conf they where not too happy looking...
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">16:34:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> henne, they were unhappy?
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">16:34:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I can say from GNOME perspective... its was boring!
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">16:34:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">16:34:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> well
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">16:34:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> most of them used their tables as hacking stations
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">16:35:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> MySQL guys left a day earlier
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">16:35:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok please pause
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">16:35:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ||
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">16:35:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> those guys who asked booths were responsible for them, but THEY asked for them
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">16:36:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so it is a failure of them, not of the organization
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">16:36:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> its no failure at all
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">16:36:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> warlordfff we all know this
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">16:36:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> warlordfff, I kind of agree
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">16:36:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I think is a good idea
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">16:36:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> it think it's just a bad fit
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">16:36:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> no one said it was an organizational problem,
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">16:36:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but just look at it more carefull than we did in order to be better than last year
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">16:37:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> since is an openSUSE event people wants to be hanging between their pairs
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">16:37:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> warlordfff, now I agree
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">16:37:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am not taking it personaly, so that we are clear
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">16:37:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> Is just what I saw
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">16:37:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> so what should we do differently?
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">16:38:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> examine more carefull the suggestions for booths
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">16:38:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I believe was both failure.. of course more from them than form us... but both needs to seet and arrange a better way to use the booth
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">16:38:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but I have no idea how to do that
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">16:38:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> The way I see it, there are 2 options: more specific guidelines for booth keepers or we have a table next to reg desk for partners/sponsors' stuff (if they give us some that is)
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">16:38:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if we have the space and a sponsor/partner wants a table we should have that possibility available
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">16:38:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ah, ok. I proposed a booth to Karsten. do you think I should give him a tip about this year's booths being uninteresting? or maybe have no booths at all, instead have show-windows / tables something?
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">16:38:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> +1
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">16:38:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> of course. individual deals are always possible
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">16:39:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> +1
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">16:39:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I think we should communicate that if you are getting a booth you are responsible to have people at all times and be there in time to prepare it with stuff. (no empty booth)
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">16:39:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> SveborP those willing to have booth you could see the venue possibility to offer otherwise just free tables for whatever is interesting in
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">16:39:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but empty booths are not the problem
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">16:39:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> also we can use some voluteers inside the booth to help
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">16:40:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> nop
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">16:40:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I mean NOP
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">16:40:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the problem is that the booths simply don't have visitors
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">16:40:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> of course if they like to have some conference voluteer with them
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">16:40:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> openSUSE Volunteers are for other things
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">16:40:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I don't think forcing a table/booth to be populated at all times is in our or their best interest
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">16:40:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> henne exactly
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">16:41:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> robjo i agree
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">16:41:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> actually we don't care :D
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">16:41:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> not having "visitors" to the booth is in a way the "operators" responsibility
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">16:41:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> agree with robjo and henne .. so we don't invite people to have booths? but provide the possibility for sponsors?
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">16:42:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> it is not a free software event, it is openSUSE event so who wants a booth will take care of it
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">16:42:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Maybe in place of manning a booth we can have more printed materials to guide our visitors
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">16:42:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> at larger conferences the organizers usually do a "booth crawl" contest, get a stamp for everyone and get entered to win something
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">16:42:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I would like to see more foreign talks instead of booths
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">16:42:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> robjo, exactly. they should tempt people with candy, food or whatever
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">16:42:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> foreign == other projects
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">16:42:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I would not favor such an approach for oSC
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">16:42:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> let's invite GNOME to hold a talk about it's future instead a booth
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">16:42:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> let's invite Gentoo to hold a talk about their release process
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">16:42:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, but we are not able to help to have booth more croweded somehow?
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">16:43:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> henne GNOME wasn't there last year due to Guadec but the GNOME Board loved to be invited
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">16:43:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> henne, what about have a distro booth instead of single one for each distro
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">16:43:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> henne, +1 on inviting various projects
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">16:43:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> let's invite Mozilla to tell us about FirefoxOS development
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">16:43:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> I do not think we want to take on that responsibility
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">16:43:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, ok
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">16:43:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> that should be the participation of other projects. not booth's
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">16:43:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> why do that?
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">16:44:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I shared booth in some events here with other distros and works pertty good
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">16:44:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap but not an oSC event
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">16:44:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro free software events not openSUSE event
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">16:44:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, but I understand your point, but was another kind of event
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">16:44:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> izabelvalverde, yeap
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">16:44:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">16:45:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think we should take the same approach we take with th e"jobs board", having a table/booth is an option available, but that's it, nothing more, nothing less
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">16:45:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> let whomever may be interested in that option make their own decision
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">16:45:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> right, I agree with that.
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">16:46:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> from sponsorship finder perspective offer a booth is a problem!
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">16:46:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> This implies some changes in the wording in the sponsor brochure, but that's about the extend of the work we would have to do
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">16:46:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> izabelvalverde, what do you mean?
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">16:47:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> We should ping Jos about this, they are finishing up a design for their booth box and that would be a good place to showcase the new design
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">16:47:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Instead of saying "A booth is part of the package" we say "you have the option of having a booth/table"
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">16:47:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> SveborP the sponsors waste a lot of time concerning how about will be the booth, their material, hardware and so on
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">16:48:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> On this brochure: https://conference.opensuse.org/files/oSC13_Sponsorship_Brochure.pdf
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">16:48:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> izabelvalverde, are you saying that providing booth to sponsors could make harder to find sponsors ready to willing with
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">16:48:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> and some of those material take more than 2 months to arrive(I remember Oracle bow)
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">16:48:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> it says "Booth space is available"
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">16:48:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro no
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">16:48:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> not mandatory..
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">16:48:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span>  exactly
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">16:48:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> so I see no problem?
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">16:49:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> they know they can have it
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">16:49:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> if they want it
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">16:49:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> SveborP robjo I'm working in a new brochure and talked to SUSE to set the approval sooner you guys approve the proposal
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">16:49:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> SveborP they can but don't need to be part of the package
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">16:49:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> izabelvalverde, ah, ok. didn't know that. Would you join our Trello team so we can easier coordinate?
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">16:50:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Well, by adding "you can choose" or "at your discretion" it makes it more explicit that it as a choice rather than an "obligation"
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">16:50:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I can but I don't think the brochure creation is a trello task yet
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">16:50:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> "Booth space is available" more expresses an obligation
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">16:50:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but I can imagine how that puts pressure on sponsors
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">16:50:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> available upon request
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">16:51:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> if all the other sponsors have booths, you'd better have one too
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">16:51:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> henne, true that.
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">16:51:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> or we dont mention booths but the fact that they can send stuff
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">16:51:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> it has many other things involved such as the getting money process and those who is in discussion about it probably won't join Trello either
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">16:51:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> if they want a booth they will ask for it themselves
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">16:51:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> differentreality, available upon request sound fine
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">16:52:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> differentreality, I liked you idea
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">16:52:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> booth will be mentioned but not part of the package
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">16:52:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> upon request let then freely to choose
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">16:52:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> I tasked the artwork part of the sponsors brochure and put it first in the list https://trello.com/c/YU2hYUKr/42-artwork-for-sponsors-brochure
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">16:53:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">differentreality:</span> the card is empty and has no people assigned to it, I didn't know about it until now
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">16:53:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> differentreality we need the approval first otherwise will be like last year, 9 different arts done until the context being approved
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">16:53:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we will reword the booth/table "offering" in the brochure to make it more explicit that this is a choice of the sponsor, not intricately tied to the sponsor offering</span>
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">16:53:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> We can come up with some idea
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">16:53:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ideas
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">16:53:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> true, that's probably because I created this morning :) So go ahead and subscribe :D
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">16:53:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">16:53:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok so the conclusion is.. community partners will be warned about booths unpopularity, if they want it they can have it.. sponsors will have the same thing in the brochure.. and that is that?
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">16:54:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> (not the same thing, just conveniently out of the package)
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">16:54:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I think so... nicely saying that happens cause it is a specific community event
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">16:55:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> possibly better wording than 'booths unpopularity'
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">16:55:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> of course :-)
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">16:55:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> booths are not "unpopular" by design, I bet one could create much traffic to a booth with the appropriate effort
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">16:56:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Are we good with this subject? Are we moving on?
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">16:56:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> candy or coffee
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">16:56:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> let's move on
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">16:57:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Help needed with writing announcements, organizational activities</span>
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">16:57:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Help needed with writing announcements, organizational activities</span>
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">16:57:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> excellent, thank youž
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">16:57:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I offer myself to do editign
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">16:57:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> if it is in English, I can help
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">16:58:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> we need to send out the first announcement and let people know they can make flight reservations
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">16:58:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> there is a new effort inside Marketing Team and we are all willing to help
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">16:58:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> thanks
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">16:58:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> and then we need CFP
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">16:58:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> announcements drafts https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OXw9yZKNAtYQLxrv7hz0bKDE6jGaYwCoAXFcW1fX4TQ/edit?usp=drive_web
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">16:58:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> accommodation will be taken care of later and bookings can be made separately..
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">16:58:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> someone believes that is good to have the same announcment in other languages? if so I can help with the portuguese
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">16:58:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> anditosan, tank you!
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">16:58:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> of course!
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">16:58:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> differentreality can you share on marketing-ml?
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">16:58:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Bookmarked!!!
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">16:59:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> sure I can :)
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">16:59:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> we will translate to croatian and send to interested communities in the region
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">16:59:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> thank you :D
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">16:59:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> plz task me ?
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">16:59:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> or action me
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">16:59:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> CfP, differentreality has sent out the initial "get up and get moving" e-mail to the team, no reaction yet, but we'll get going this week, I suspect
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">16:59:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> action me too
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">17:00:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok sorry forget the aboce
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">17:00:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok sorry forget the above
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">17:00:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I am working on it
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">17:00:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> great, let's set a deadline to push out the initial announcement?
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">17:00:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> IMHO we should work to have an announcement out mid next week that will include the CfP dates
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">17:01:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> but we have a case with the Business track
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">17:01:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> Excellent! Mid next week sound fine
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">17:02:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> warlordfff, what do you mean?
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">17:02:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> there's been no serious objection to having a business track, I think it is up to the CfP to set the parameters and then offer it
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">17:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> robjo, +1
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">17:02:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> After Wednesday please.... the new Board announcement will happen Monday and Tuesday we might still collecting comments
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">17:02:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> +1
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">17:02:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I have a serious objections if we don't define it
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">17:02:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if we get submissions we'll have it, if not it will not happen
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">17:02:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> when are those dates?
<a name="l-357"></a><span class="tm">17:02:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am confused
<a name="l-358"></a><span class="tm">17:02:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> whether or not to have a business track
<a name="l-359"></a><span class="tm">17:03:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> are we having or not a Business track?
<a name="l-360"></a><span class="tm">17:03:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> that's why I said, it is up to the CfP to set the framework/definition
<a name="l-361"></a><span class="tm">17:03:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-362"></a><span class="tm">17:03:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> differentreality warlordfff how it was in oSC13?
<a name="l-363"></a><span class="tm">17:03:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> so let's go to the Ml and propose dates
<a name="l-364"></a><span class="tm">17:03:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> +1
<a name="l-365"></a><span class="tm">17:03:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> the business track I meant
<a name="l-366"></a><span class="tm">17:03:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> we did not had a Business track
<a name="l-367"></a><span class="tm">17:03:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> votes for business track?
<a name="l-368"></a><span class="tm">17:04:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> we cant really vote on it before we define it I guess
<a name="l-369"></a><span class="tm">17:04:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> +1
<a name="l-370"></a><span class="tm">17:04:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> no? Hans and Georg not business track?
<a name="l-371"></a><span class="tm">17:04:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> on Business I say let's get those talks in Geeko Tech
<a name="l-372"></a><span class="tm">17:04:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> izabelvalverde, they are
<a name="l-373"></a><span class="tm">17:04:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The CfP team will need to know from the TSP team timing for TSP request approval
<a name="l-374"></a><span class="tm">17:04:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> 6 weeks prior to the event, or earlier?
<a name="l-375"></a><span class="tm">17:04:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span>  they were not named  Business tracks
<a name="l-376"></a><span class="tm">17:05:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I would agree on ^ weeks
<a name="l-377"></a><span class="tm">17:05:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> warlordfff, where did they fit?
<a name="l-378"></a><span class="tm">17:05:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> but they were, people liked?
<a name="l-379"></a><span class="tm">17:05:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> If it is for international flights, I would say TSP needs to happen way earlier
<a name="l-380"></a><span class="tm">17:05:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> I don't remember but they were not Business tracks
<a name="l-381"></a><span class="tm">17:05:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> Business track for me means that people with an opensource app that runs on opensuse present it. Not much different than presenting your gsoc project excepft for the fact that we name it business track and that it is of interest to companies / startups and it might help local team to attract local sponsors or state sponsorship
<a name="l-382"></a><span class="tm">17:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> well, having a business track would be another way to call our decision on whether we call out to people to give talks on how they do business using openSUSE, free software and such. These might be technical or completely non-technical talks. that is how I see it. But it should be defined better, yes.
<a name="l-383"></a><span class="tm">17:06:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> explained in a nicer way in cfp announcement
<a name="l-384"></a><span class="tm">17:06:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Let the CfP team define the framework and present it on the ML
<a name="l-385"></a><span class="tm">17:06:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> I believe the TSP will work in 2 rounds again to assure more time to people apply considering the CfP deadline
<a name="l-386"></a><span class="tm">17:06:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> yeap
<a name="l-387"></a><span class="tm">17:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> robjo, that would be a good solution, yes.
<a name="l-388"></a><span class="tm">17:07:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span>  are we releasing the TSP along with the Cfp announcement?
<a name="l-389"></a><span class="tm">17:07:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> warlordfff are you OK with CfP close 6 weeks prior to the event and decisions made 5 weeks prior to the event?
<a name="l-390"></a><span class="tm">17:08:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> I am ok
<a name="l-391"></a><span class="tm">17:08:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> robjo We can make a call earlier than 6 weeks and the second call in the 5 weeks prior
<a name="l-392"></a><span class="tm">17:08:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> let's take the oSC13 approach and get a public schedule together as soon as possible
<a name="l-393"></a><span class="tm">17:08:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> +1
<a name="l-394"></a><span class="tm">17:08:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> it's one of the main incentives for people to come
<a name="l-395"></a><span class="tm">17:09:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-396"></a><span class="tm">17:09:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> 5 weeks is too late?
<a name="l-397"></a><span class="tm">17:09:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> last year's approach was no deadline to cfp basically
<a name="l-398"></a><span class="tm">17:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-399"></a><span class="tm">17:09:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> your proposal?
<a name="l-400"></a><span class="tm">17:09:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> no deadline. give intermediate status updates about the fullness of the schedule
<a name="l-401"></a><span class="tm">17:09:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span>  lets make the TSP call along with the CFP call
<a name="l-402"></a><span class="tm">17:10:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> urge people that it's filling quickly
<a name="l-403"></a><span class="tm">17:10:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we had an initial deadline last year
<a name="l-404"></a><span class="tm">17:10:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> with no deadline people will not submit, I think
<a name="l-405"></a><span class="tm">17:10:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> warlordff we can't otherwise we might leave approved speakers out
<a name="l-406"></a><span class="tm">17:10:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I would rather except "late submissions" than have nothing
<a name="l-407"></a><span class="tm">17:10:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> we can announce together but we definitely need 2 rounds for decision
<a name="l-408"></a><span class="tm">17:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span>  yeap, you have a point :|
<a name="l-409"></a><span class="tm">17:11:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> I am with henne on that one, I can see people submitting faster if they know that we won't wait until the deadline to accept talks
<a name="l-410"></a><span class="tm">17:11:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I think we should have an earlier deadline
<a name="l-411"></a><span class="tm">17:11:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> then extend it
<a name="l-412"></a><span class="tm">17:11:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I am not talking about acceptance
<a name="l-413"></a><span class="tm">17:11:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> ok let's make it 8 weeks?
<a name="l-414"></a><span class="tm">17:11:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> February 28, that would be 2 month
<a name="l-415"></a><span class="tm">17:11:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> you know that we have like 16 weeks to the event right?
<a name="l-416"></a><span class="tm">17:11:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> the problem is not the number of weeks but the number of submissions
<a name="l-417"></a><span class="tm">17:12:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> but that is the expectation people have. i can submit 2 minutes before the deadline and have the same chance as submitting earl
<a name="l-418"></a><span class="tm">17:12:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> y
<a name="l-419"></a><span class="tm">17:12:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> WE can probably get our act together and open Cfp IN the first week of January, thus abou 7 weeks for submitting proposals
<a name="l-420"></a><span class="tm">17:12:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span>  +1 but you never know
<a name="l-421"></a><span class="tm">17:12:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> well, look the last 2 years for oSC and Summit ;)
<a name="l-422"></a><span class="tm">17:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> I believe extended could specially help for local people that does not needs to have a huge plan to attendee
<a name="l-423"></a><span class="tm">17:13:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span>  actually we can do that next week
<a name="l-424"></a><span class="tm">17:13:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> we can certainly put in a clause that says we will start confirming talks say at the beginning of Feburaray
<a name="l-425"></a><span class="tm">17:13:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> if we work fast
<a name="l-426"></a><span class="tm">17:13:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Fosdem will be a place to advertise so a call just after will help a lot
<a name="l-427"></a><span class="tm">17:13:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I fear people need to be hit over the head with this
<a name="l-428"></a><span class="tm">17:13:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">warlordfff:</span> be nice to have the logo, motto and all the tracks nailed down before we open, I think next week is too tight
<a name="l-429"></a><span class="tm">17:13:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> which means no fine-print ;)
<a name="l-430"></a><span class="tm">17:13:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> or before to communicate at fosdem that cfp is actually already open!
<a name="l-431"></a><span class="tm">17:13:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> if the deadline is shorter and the idea is in their mind they might run to submit
<a name="l-432"></a><span class="tm">17:14:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> yeap you also got a point
<a name="l-433"></a><span class="tm">17:14:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> sorry I miss your fine print concern
<a name="l-434"></a><span class="tm">17:14:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> give me a sec to write this up
<a name="l-435"></a><span class="tm">17:14:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> dates work for deadlines, clauses not.
<a name="l-436"></a><span class="tm">17:14:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> imho
<a name="l-437"></a><span class="tm">17:14:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> izabelvalverde, good poiunt but will we have conference material to show during fosdem, like videos or flyers.. promo material?
<a name="l-438"></a><span class="tm">17:15:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> like we had last year
<a name="l-439"></a><span class="tm">17:15:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> we will work for it... at least from Marketing perspective
<a name="l-440"></a><span class="tm">17:15:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> something should be at fosdem, a flyer at least
<a name="l-441"></a><span class="tm">17:15:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> oSC14 is on our marketing list
<a name="l-442"></a><span class="tm">17:15:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> CfP open on XXX The Cfp Team will start confirming submission on YYY. The final deadline for submission is on ZZZ
<a name="l-443"></a><span class="tm">17:15:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> where XXX &lt; YYY &lt; ZZZ
<a name="l-444"></a><span class="tm">17:16:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-445"></a><span class="tm">17:17:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I'm willing to try that :-)
<a name="l-446"></a><span class="tm">17:17:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> so no deadline extensions?
<a name="l-447"></a><span class="tm">17:17:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">CfP team to take under advisement that we want to start populating the schedule as early as possible</span>
<a name="l-448"></a><span class="tm">17:18:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">SveborP:</span>  the deadline extension can happen if need be
<a name="l-449"></a><span class="tm">17:18:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if the program is full on ZZZ we don't need to extend
<a name="l-450"></a><span class="tm">17:18:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> robjo please include that CfP notice the TSP about the plans
<a name="l-451"></a><span class="tm">17:18:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-452"></a><span class="tm">17:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> SveborP, we used some promo video for OSC13 during Fosdem and works perfectly as we had two big monitors.. dont we have no one able to create a video over there? of course we could do flyers, promo cube, geeko money and tux paper again, but video was awesome
<a name="l-453"></a><span class="tm">17:18:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">CfP team to keep TSP in the loop about dates</span>
<a name="l-454"></a><span class="tm">17:19:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> thank you
<a name="l-455"></a><span class="tm">17:19:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">absolute deadline to deal with someone that wants to be sponsored and give a talki is 6 weeks prior to the event</span>
<a name="l-456"></a><span class="tm">17:19:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Awesome! Is it time to move on?
<a name="l-457"></a><span class="tm">17:20:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> robjo also Marketing team to start to prepare materials as soon the motto and artwork is decided
<a name="l-458"></a><span class="tm">17:20:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> please? :D thank you
<a name="l-459"></a><span class="tm">17:20:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Marketing team to start to prepare materials as soon the motto and artwork is decided</span>
<a name="l-460"></a><span class="tm">17:20:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> :D thanks
<a name="l-461"></a><span class="tm">17:20:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> if we're all ok with moving on, only one thing left. scheduled IRC meetings..
<a name="l-462"></a><span class="tm">17:20:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> so probably will be after tuesday when we will finished the moto and logo, right?
<a name="l-463"></a><span class="tm">17:21:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> one more next week I'd say
<a name="l-464"></a><span class="tm">17:21:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> Thursday again?
<a name="l-465"></a><span class="tm">17:21:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> then weekly starting possibly late January
<a name="l-466"></a><span class="tm">17:21:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> +1 Thursday at this time
<a name="l-467"></a><span class="tm">17:21:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> sounds fine. we can always schedule more meetings if needed
<a name="l-468"></a><span class="tm">17:22:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> weekly - Thursdays?
<a name="l-469"></a><span class="tm">17:22:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> +1 next thursday
<a name="l-470"></a><span class="tm">17:22:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> can you handle the calendar entries?
<a name="l-471"></a><span class="tm">17:22:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> asking because maybe it could already go to the wiki calendar
<a name="l-472"></a><span class="tm">17:22:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> January second week would be great to present what marketing team have done to be used in Fosdem
<a name="l-473"></a><span class="tm">17:22:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;TomoS&gt;</span> +1 next Thursday, same time
<a name="l-474"></a><span class="tm">17:22:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> +1 next thursday
<a name="l-475"></a><span class="tm">17:22:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> robjo sure
<a name="l-476"></a><span class="tm">17:23:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> +1 next week, and then starting with second January week?
<a name="l-477"></a><span class="tm">17:23:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> ok, next meeting next Thursday, same time same place
<a name="l-478"></a><span class="tm">17:23:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-479"></a><span class="tm">17:23:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> let's use one of those calendars? https://news.opensuse.org/2013/11/26/opensuse-conference-2014/ and https://news.opensuse.org/2010/07/28/osc-meeting/
<a name="l-480"></a><span class="tm">17:23:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> not from me, anyone want to add something else?
<a name="l-481"></a><span class="tm">17:23:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> Nope! :D
<a name="l-482"></a><span class="tm">17:23:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> website
<a name="l-483"></a><span class="tm">17:23:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> ok, then another one in Jan 9th and the rest we can decide after
<a name="l-484"></a><span class="tm">17:24:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> is there anyone already involved?
<a name="l-485"></a><span class="tm">17:24:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> yup
<a name="l-486"></a><span class="tm">17:24:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> robjo ok
<a name="l-487"></a><span class="tm">17:24:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> henne, said he started doing something at some point
<a name="l-488"></a><span class="tm">17:24:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> (website)
<a name="l-489"></a><span class="tm">17:24:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> right henne? :-)
<a name="l-490"></a><span class="tm">17:25:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> henne, ?
<a name="l-491"></a><span class="tm">17:25:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> henne?
<a name="l-492"></a><span class="tm">17:25:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> hahhaa
<a name="l-493"></a><span class="tm">17:25:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> he fell asleep
<a name="l-494"></a><span class="tm">17:25:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> can we simply replace the content for last years design?
<a name="l-495"></a><span class="tm">17:25:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;izabelvalverde&gt;</span> differentreality we are using https://news.opensuse.org/2013/11/26/opensuse-conference-2014/ but we can change if you want
<a name="l-496"></a><span class="tm">17:25:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> sorry, I'm having 6 different conversations at one
<a name="l-497"></a><span class="tm">17:25:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> maybe we can make a wordpress that is easier to manage
<a name="l-498"></a><span class="tm">17:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> once
<a name="l-499"></a><span class="tm">17:25:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> what?
<a name="l-500"></a><span class="tm">17:25:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> I guess we could.. we just need a few nice photos of Dubrovnik
<a name="l-501"></a><span class="tm">17:26:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ah conf.o.o yeah
<a name="l-502"></a><span class="tm">17:26:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> we're currently moving OSEM to events.o.o
<a name="l-503"></a><span class="tm">17:26:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> can we simply use last years web framework and replace the content?
<a name="l-504"></a><span class="tm">17:26:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and once I'm finished with that
<a name="l-505"></a><span class="tm">17:26:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;differentreality&gt;</span> <span class="hi">izabelvalverde:</span> the other one is linked to the wiki page of osc (https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Conference_meeting) I dont mind either way as long as we finalize it and we put the correct one in the wiki
<a name="l-506"></a><span class="tm">17:26:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I can come up with some design...
<a name="l-507"></a><span class="tm">17:26:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and content
<a name="l-508"></a><span class="tm">17:26:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> I can help!
<a name="l-509"></a><span class="tm">17:26:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> I'm counting on it :-)
<a name="l-510"></a><span class="tm">17:26:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ping me when you're ready!
<a name="l-511"></a><span class="tm">17:26:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> k!
<a name="l-512"></a><span class="tm">17:27:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> cool, come to Trello? :-)
<a name="l-513"></a><span class="tm">17:27:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> done?
<a name="l-514"></a><span class="tm">17:27:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> ah that's also someting I wanted to talk about
<a name="l-515"></a><span class="tm">17:28:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> why don't we have 3 boards again?
<a name="l-516"></a><span class="tm">17:28:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> henne, same as here, just ping about website
<a name="l-517"></a><span class="tm">17:28:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but only one. I find this highly confusing...
<a name="l-518"></a><span class="tm">17:29:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> I found the three boards confusing more, but we do have labels! so if there's only one set of activities you want to do, just remember the color you need
<a name="l-519"></a><span class="tm">17:29:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> I mean, we can always make additional boards if needed
<a name="l-520"></a><span class="tm">17:30:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> the TODO list is now already way too long IMHO
<a name="l-521"></a><span class="tm">17:30:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> I don't find squad :-)
<a name="l-522"></a><span class="tm">17:30:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> and we're not even beginning to have cards...
<a name="l-523"></a><span class="tm">17:31:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> but anyway. I wasn't much involved yet. just raising my concerns
<a name="l-524"></a><span class="tm">17:31:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> i just click filter in the menu on the right... :-)
<a name="l-525"></a><span class="tm">17:31:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> but, others agree, lets reorganize?
<a name="l-526"></a><span class="tm">17:31:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">some concerns about trello task organization, to be worked out as we go along</span>
<a name="l-527"></a><span class="tm">17:31:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> *if others agree
<a name="l-528"></a><span class="tm">17:32:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> done?
<a name="l-529"></a><span class="tm">17:32:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;SveborP&gt;</span> done
<a name="l-530"></a><span class="tm">17:32:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
