<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:01:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE project meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:01:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Oct 16 15:01:44 2013 UTC.  The chair is robjo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:01:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> meeeeeting!
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:02:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">awafaa:</span> tag, you're it
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;victorhck&gt;</span> o/
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:02:32 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">hides</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:02:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Hi everyone and welcome to the openSUSE project meeting
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:02:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> Hi! I'm here
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:03:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;victorhck&gt;</span> Guten montag Ilmehtar
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:03:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> awafaa is busy, but im here :)
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:03:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> There are no topics on the agenda for today's meeting: https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:04:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> well, that'll be a short meeting then.
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:05:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We have 2 action items fromlast time, Ilmehtar local marketing material issue
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:05:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> manu GSoC guideline discussion
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:05:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I'm still waiting for a response from Agustin. I have tried to chase it up
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:06:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I know the GSoC guideline discussion is going on on -project (may have run it's course)
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:06:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Ilmehtar to     keep pushing on the reimbursement of local materials</span>
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:06:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, that's the action item review then
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:06:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> though now jospoortvliet is back from vacation - hey! Any news about the local reimbursement of marketing materials? we've had advocates in Italy left hanging because I wasn't in a position to provide them with any info, besides that we planned to have something by now
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:06:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anyone have any topics that need to be discussed?
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:07:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> sorry, I know nothing more than you do - it's up to agustin...
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:07:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> let me add two things from marketing
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:07:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> if I may
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:07:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> go
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:07:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> thanks for confirming that I've been bugging the right person then :)
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:08:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> gone to sleep while typing?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:08:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">first:</span> http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-factory/2013-10/msg00212.html
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:08:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> we're trying to write something about testing
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:09:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but apparently, there's very little that needs testing as only today and after pushing I got some hints as to what could use testing :D
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> more suggestions welcome!
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:09:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> second
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:09:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Major%20features
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:09:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> that page needs your help ;-)
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:09:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> as in, everybody's help
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:10:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> it's the core of our marketing efforts for the release. Michal has mailed everybody who did significant feature work (sorry for the spam) and asked them to put stuff on that page. Some ppl have, many have not...
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:10:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and this time, it will be simple
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:10:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> what isn't on the page
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:10:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> won't be mentioned
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:10:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> we simply can't organize a full marketing hackfest each release to just get that page written
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:11:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I dont want to be lazy, but from the GNOME perspective, the official release notes can probably provide you with a huge amount of stuff https://help.gnome.org/misc/release-notes/3.10/
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:11:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> the GNOME section has been done, by me, based on those notes ;-)
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:11:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> you can probably mention anything on there apart from Wayland because I'm not sure anyone's looked at it in openSUSE
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:11:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> same with the KDE and kernel section
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:11:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> :) well cool
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:11:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> those have good notes
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:11:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but most other stuff lacks good info
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> IF I know something has changed in the first place
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> hence the call for help :D
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:12:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I am missing anything about the YaST rewrite in Ruby, while the functionality may not have changed that's a big deal as YaST is now truly open for contributions
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:12:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> that also implies there should be a testing effort on YaST
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:12:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> 1 item additions to 2 news items, I rock ;)
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:13:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> haha
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:13:09 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">thinks about birds and stones</span>
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:13:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> ok, good points. will take those with me, tnx.
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:14:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Everyone please think of stuff to add to the pages jospoortvliet pointed out, this is important to the release and it's quality</span>
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:14:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> also we have s3fs but that may only be considered a minor feature and my not be note worthy
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:15:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> you don't make that call, your marketing team does ;-)
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:15:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> please add anything you can think off
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:15:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> pruning is far easier for us than writing about stuff we don't know about in the first place :D
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:16:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anything else on the marketing side?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:16:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I'll give a quick rundown on the summit then
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:16:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> nope
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:16:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Summit update</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:17:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The schedule is set and has been published :)
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:17:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The keynote speaker for Saturday's keynote is confirmed, it will be Mykel Alvis
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:18:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> an article from the news team is pending.... jospoortvliet any idea on timing?
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:18:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Flyers for local advertisement are designed, we still have to sort out a way to get them distributed
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:18:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> today would be possible but I have not looked at it yet
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:19:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> there will be a podcast on Oct 30 discussion openSUSE and the Summit, yours truely will be on as well as steve dorries who has helped get this lined up and is doing local promotion in the Daytona area
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:20:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> interested in being in on the podcast?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:20:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> it may also be useful to rope in AlanClark for the podcast
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:21:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> sounds cool
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:21:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> There is a summit planning meeting tomorrow at 11:30 EDT, for anyone that is interested in more details or can help out with stuff
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:21:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> also TSP call for applications is open for 1 more day, until tomorrow 17th
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:21:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I'll send you the info
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:21:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:21:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> any questions about the Summit?
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:23:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, then any other topics?
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:24:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Oh, the Summit meeting tomorrow is here in this channel, it is also posted on the calendar on news.o.o
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:25:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> now one more time, any other topics?
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:25:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK than we're done
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:25:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Note, 3 board members present :)
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:25:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Have a nice rest of the day everyone
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:26:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
