15:01:13 <robjo> #startmeeting openSUSE project meeting
15:01:13 <bugbot> Meeting started Wed Aug 21 15:01:13 2013 UTC.  The chair is robjo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
15:01:13 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
15:01:28 <robjo> Hi all and welcome to today's project meeting
15:01:32 <terrorpup> hello all
15:01:46 <CarlosRibeiro> Hello geekos
15:01:49 <victorhck> hi all!!
15:02:28 <robjo> There is no agenda :( , i.e. no one added anything here: https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting
15:03:04 <terrorpup> robjo, where are the Summit meetings?
15:03:06 <robjo> AFAIK there were no action items from the last meeting, but please correct me if I am wrong as I was not available for the last meeting
15:03:40 <robjo> terrorpup: we've not had a summit meeting, but these need to get rolling. Thanks for the reminder
15:03:50 <Ilmehtar> Hi all
15:04:22 <robjo> FunkyPenguin: ping
15:04:29 <terrorpup> np, my work office is in winter park, so they are going to let me go there work that weeks so I can be tere
15:04:30 <robjo> wstephenson__: ping
15:05:17 <robjo> Vincent is on vacation
15:05:45 <robjo> With no posted agenda and no action items, does anyone have anything that we want to discuss today?
15:06:26 <Ilmehtar> nothing from me
15:06:40 <terrorpup> robjo, e-mail we are going to start on Summit, that is why I showed today. :)
15:08:09 <robjo> terrorpup: the e-mail from the board meeting minutes was about next years 2014 Summit and that the board needs to make a decision about the event
15:08:22 <robjo> this is unrelated to the 2013 Summit
15:08:56 <terrorpup> I understand that, I am talking help with 2013
15:09:14 <CarlosRibeiro> another topic that maybe here is not the best place to talk.. but few days ago I was surprised with a frind of mine sharing his Ubuntu membership certificate trhough the facebook, that makes me remind about a very old idea that i rised long ago.. about to have it for openSUSE.. is just a paper right? but ppl most part young ppl and early students loves to put certificates on wall, and show that for their bosses and include in curriculum
15:09:15 <CarlosRibeiro> like my friend did it, and for sure will help us to spread our project even better . Have a look https://picasaweb.google.com/104830275042059445407/21DeAgostoDe2013#5914588393515072194
15:12:36 <robjo> I am principally not opposed to have a "Membership Certificate" although I do question the value of it.
15:13:07 <CarlosRibeiro> and we can send it togueter with the welcome message from the openSUSE board, pretty easy, simple imho
15:14:20 <Ilmehtar> I'm not opposed to the idea, but I do think it seems like a significant logistical overhead when we still struggle to get our membership comitee to approve/dissaprove of membership requests in a timely manner
15:14:34 <CarlosRibeiro> robjo, maybe for us old guys, have not much value, but as i said, for early stundents, or even yeoung employyes that could get some rise salary when showing some certificates to their bosses... many companies do this over here in brazil
15:14:43 <robjo> Membership is handled autonomously by the membership team, it would be up to the team to see if they are willing to handle any additional items
15:15:49 * CarlosRibeiro thinking in new ppl, students that are in the start pages of their professional life
15:16:31 <robjo> CarlosRibeiro: I do not dispute that the perceived value of such a certificate will be vastly different in different areas of the globe
15:18:07 <robjo> Again, someone has to deal with it. Considering Ilmehtar's comment about timely approval and other matters regarding membership the question is more about "how do we handle it" rather than if it is OK to do
15:18:54 <CarlosRibeiro> so if the approval commited or even board agree, i could help giving some certificates samples to be choosen ;-)
15:19:21 <robjo> In the end either the membership team needs to take it on or another person will have to be notified by the membership team to send it out when we gain a new member
15:21:01 <robjo> CarlosRibeiro: I don't see it as an issue of the design, I see it as an issue of "Who will handle the ongoing workload?"
15:21:26 <robjo> we need to answer the "who" question first, I am certain the rest would fall into place relatively quickly
15:21:41 <Ilmehtar> and there is probably also an issue of "who will pay for the postage".. though hopefully that wont be too much of an issue
15:22:16 <CarlosRibeiro> robjo, I volutnteer to send it after membership was approved and I received a mail for the membership
15:22:27 <terrorpup> do yo have to take a test to get the cert?
15:22:27 <robjo> This should be a "print it yourself" item, maybe it can also be attached to a members' connect account
15:22:53 <CarlosRibeiro> Ilmehtar, we do not need to print it, just send a pdf and if someone wishes to print, they can print by them selfs
15:23:35 <robjo> terrorpup: the cert is a membership cert, thus becoming a member is the only requirement
15:23:49 <CarlosRibeiro> terrorpup, no tests required, just after membership evaluate the person contributions and approved for the membership
15:24:14 <robjo> CarlosRibeiro: we'd have to have someone from the membership committee agree to send you a message when a new member gets approved
15:24:24 <robjo> that's not a decision that anyone else can make
15:24:31 <terrorpup> I was asking as I am member already, I thought maybe the *buntu folks were making people take a test to get membership
15:24:34 <ishwon> hello folks ... sorry for being late ...
15:24:43 <CarlosRibeiro> robjo, i got the point, right
15:25:22 <Ilmehtar> the way the process works, the whole membership commitee would need to know about this change, or we'll need to change the tooling in connect, as the process is all automated there
15:25:29 <robjo> terrorpup: based on the text on the certificate it appears that contributions are sufficient, i.e. the same measure we apply
15:25:44 <CarlosRibeiro> terrorpup, i have no clue what the process for *buntu to approve someone to be a member, but i believe is based in ppl previos contributions
15:26:12 <terrorpup> ok. sorry to side track
15:26:37 <CarlosRibeiro> robjo, yes based on previous contributions as shown in their certification
15:26:39 <robjo> Ilmehtar: are you willing to investigate and report back?
15:27:14 <Ilmehtar> robjo: sure thing, hit me with an action item, it's an excuse to contact the rest of the team and encorage them to clear up the remaining requests at the very least ;-)
15:28:15 <robjo> #action Ilmehtar investigate what it would take to change connect to send membership certificate or handle a certificate in some way
15:28:54 <robjo> Any other topics?
15:29:02 <CarlosRibeiro> not by me
15:29:42 <diamond_gr> CarlosRibeiro, ubuntu membership has to do with contributions, launchpad, testimonials and finally when they have an IRC interview. Then they vote for him/her live.
15:30:48 <robjo> If there's nothing else we can adjourn
15:30:56 <CarlosRibeiro> diamond_gr, good, pretty much the same as our process contributions, events, translations, wiki, lizards, planet...
15:31:14 <robjo> #endmeeting