<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project: openSUSE project meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#opensuse-project: openSUSE project meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by robjo at 17:00:46 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Quick review of action items from last meeting</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html#l-8'>robjo</a>, 17:02:01)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://attachmatehr.silkroad.com/epostings/index.cfm?fuseaction=app.jobinfo&amp;jobid=305560&amp;company_id=15495&amp;version=6&amp;source=ONLINE&amp;jobOwner=1013810&amp;aid=1">https://attachmatehr.silkroad.com/epostings/index.cfm?fuseaction=app.jobinfo&amp;jobid=305560&amp;company_id=15495&amp;version=6&amp;source=ONLINE&amp;jobOwner=1013810&amp;aid=1</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html#l-17'>robjo</a>,
    17:05:24)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">robjo to
    report back at next project meeting about transparency of board and
    potentially inactive members</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html#l-78'>robjo</a>,
    17:19:14)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vuntz to
    change the calendar for the next two project meetings to start 2
    hours earlier</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html#l-92'>robjo</a>,
    17:22:38)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">darix add
    Ilmehtar to list of openSUSE group contacts</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html#l-144'>robjo</a>,
    17:36:46)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">darix teach
    Ilmehtar the seecret ways of activating cloaks</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html#l-146'>robjo</a>,
    17:37:10)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">GSoC Overview</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html#l-152'>robjo</a>, 17:39:19)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">manugupt1
    saurabhsood91 send mail to -project about GSoC ideas page</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html#l-172'>robjo</a>,
    17:43:44)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">Setting up University Collaboration</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html#l-200'>robjo</a>, 17:51:21)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">other stuff</b> <span class="details">(<a href='opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html#l-266'>robjo</a>, 18:08:22)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">tittiatcoke
    to chase ML merge of news and marketing</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html#l-280'>robjo</a>,
    18:12:41)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Board_Activities">https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Board_Activities</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html#l-284'>robjo</a>,
    18:13:54)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">vuntz discuss
    with henne shape and form of ML help for @opensuse.org</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html#l-294'>robjo</a>,
    18:17:19)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">enstage.opensuse.org, destage.o.o for german
    etc. are available for testing, new mediawiki 1.19.3</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html#l-303'>robjo</a>,
    18:20:01)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">oSC13 official announcement is right around the
    corner</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html#l-315'>robjo</a>,
    18:21:48)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 18:23:15 UTC
(<a href="opensuse-project.2013-01-23-17.00.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>robjo to report back at next project meeting about transparency of board and potentially inactive members</li>
  <li>vuntz to change the calendar for the next two project meetings to start 2 hours earlier</li>
  <li>darix add Ilmehtar to list of openSUSE group contacts</li>
  <li>darix teach Ilmehtar the seecret ways of activating cloaks</li>
  <li>manugupt1 saurabhsood91 send mail to -project about GSoC ideas page</li>
  <li>tittiatcoke to chase ML merge of news and marketing</li>
  <li>vuntz discuss with henne shape and form of ML help for @opensuse.org</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> darix <ol>
    <li>darix add Ilmehtar to list of openSUSE group contacts</li>
    <li>darix teach Ilmehtar the seecret ways of activating cloaks</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> Ilmehtar <ol>
    <li>darix add Ilmehtar to list of openSUSE group contacts</li>
    <li>darix teach Ilmehtar the seecret ways of activating cloaks</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> manugupt1 <ol>
    <li>manugupt1 saurabhsood91 send mail to -project about GSoC ideas page</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> robjo <ol>
    <li>robjo to report back at next project meeting about transparency of board and potentially inactive members</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> saurabhsood91 <ol>
    <li>manugupt1 saurabhsood91 send mail to -project about GSoC ideas page</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> tittiatcoke <ol>
    <li>tittiatcoke to chase ML merge of news and marketing</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> vuntz <ol>
    <li>vuntz to change the calendar for the next two project meetings to start 2 hours earlier</li>
    <li>vuntz discuss with henne shape and form of ML help for @opensuse.org</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>robjo (130)</li>
  <li>manugupt1 (48)</li>
  <li>jospoortvliet (47)</li>
  <li>darix (21)</li>
  <li>saurabhsood91 (19)</li>
  <li>cboltz (13)</li>
  <li>Ilmehtar (13)</li>
  <li>hendersj (9)</li>
  <li>tittiatcoke (6)</li>
  <li>vuntz (3)</li>
  <li>manugupt1_ (3)</li>
  <li>tux93 (2)</li>
  <li>bugbot (2)</li>
  <li>dab214 (1)</li>
  <li>SUSEhelp (1)</li>
  <li>digitltom (1)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
