<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:01:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:01:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Oct  2 15:01:04 2013 UTC.  The chair is vuntz. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:01:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:01:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> hey hey
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:01:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:01:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> who's here?
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:01:16 </span><span class="nka">* vuntz</span> <span class="ac">looks around</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:01:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> Ilmehtar, robjo, FunkyPenguin: ping?
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:01:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> me me me
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> lucky us: triple robjo for today!
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:02:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> Half pong
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:02:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> I'm in a lift with coffee
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:02:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> Will be at desk shortly
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:02:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> je suis ici
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:03:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> we have only one item on the agenda: GSoC Wrap Up
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:04:05 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">is here</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:04:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> and I don't see any action item left from last meeting
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:04:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> is that correct?
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:05:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> I had an action item to contact agustin regarding the reimbursement of local materials, I did, no reply yet (vacation)
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:06:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> apart from that, pretty sure that's correct
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:06:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> want to keep that?
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> sure, good to remind us
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:06:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Action items review</span>
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:07:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Ilmehtar contacted agustin regarding the reimbursement of local materials, waiting for reply</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:07:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Ilmehtar to keep pushing on the reimbursement of local materials</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:07:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC Wrap Up</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:07:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so let's move to our main topic
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:07:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> here's the microphone :-)
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:07:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Hi..
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:08:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> gsoc got over this weekend, 2 students failed out of the 12 students we had
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:08:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so 10 passed
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> which is quite good
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:08:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 2 mentors will go to mentor summit..
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:08:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:09:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">of the 12 students, 10 passed and 2 failed</span>
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:09:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">2 mentors will go to mentor summit</span>
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:09:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> we had trouble with one student, but he passed eventually.
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:09:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Also, I discussed with saurabh on possibility of creating a guidelines for next gsoc
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:09:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> which are
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:09:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 1. If the student is not writing weekly reports  and the mentor fails the student, we wont accept the evaluations as PASS or go to carol for reevaluations.
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:10:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 2. GSoC is supposed to be a full time project. If the work is done earlier, it is upto the mentor to decide if he or she will get more work or not.
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 3. A student should not have a second job ( school is ok )
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:10:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 4. Students must have committed some code / package or some other form of contribution to openSUSE.
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:10:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 5. Students are expeceted to work atleast 4 hours a day (it will usually mean atleast 2 pull requests / commits as a bare minimum per week)
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:10:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 6. Students should be verified by a college professor vouching for him.
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:10:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 7. Mentors should encourage stand off meetings
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:10:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> what do you guys think about it, I will put it on a discussion at opensuse-project
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:11:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;BManojlovic&gt;</span> 3) does not make sense if student must pay for his rent for example...
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:12:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> do any other GSoC participants have similar rules?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:12:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">BManojlovic:</span> student gets paid 5000 USD in 3 months
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:12:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;BManojlovic&gt;</span> but on the end of it not gradually as i remember
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> some have and some dont
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:13:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">BManojlovic:</span> it is 500 usd + 22250 + 2250 but it is a guideline
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:14:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> I'm not sure of the point of rule 3) when you have rule 5) - if the student can contribute 4 hours a day, what does it matter if they have a job or not?
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:14:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;BManojlovic&gt;</span> exactly my point
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:14:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I know 2,4,7 is followed
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:15:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Students can have a job, I don't care if they code a night and work during the day or vice-versa
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:16:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I think we can strike off 3, but there have been a couple of cases where students have gone kaput when they had a second job
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:17:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> 3 and 5 are yes similar
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:17:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> There is no way of guaranteeing success
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> agreed robjo, I want to be pretty strict on 1 and 6 though rest all it will be up to the mentor
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:18:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> even if yo have a rule that says "no second job" how would you verify/enforce the rule
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:18:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if you find out and fail the student you have the same result as if the student fails because of having a job
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">GSoC admins are proposing a set of guidelines for future participation in GSoC</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:19:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> Hmm.. yes.. i agreed
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:20:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> what are you trying to accomplish with guideline 7 ?
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:21:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> Well, I was going through mentor reviews, I found a few mentors mention that students were shy to ask questions in the beginning of the program, maybe this can help
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:22:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> it will be upto the mentor at the end of the day on 7
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:23:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> what you want is a kick off meeting then?
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:23:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:23:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I will reword it.
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:23:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> That makes sense
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:24:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Strike 3, reword 7 and I think we're good
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:24:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> others?
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:25:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I'm wondering how we will verify the vouching by professors
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:25:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> a professor can mail from their university's address
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:26:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> university's mail address
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:26:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> like vuntz@opensuse.org makes you from openSUSE
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:26:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> that should be reasonably easy. Look up the institution and staff list, get the e-mail and send the prof an e-mail
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:27:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> as long as this has been thought about, I'm fine :-)
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:27:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> In the end it is somewhat of a trust relationship. We have the opportunity to verify, but should also trust the students that they are not out to derail a project
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:28:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> if they derail they don't get paid, thus they hurt themselves
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:29:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> there's no work getting done for the project in that case, but that's probably work that we've lived without to begin with
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:29:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:29:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> anything else for gsoc?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:29:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> I guess that is it
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:29:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> critical work should not be a GSoC project IMHO
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:30:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> it can be.. a lot of orgs do it
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:30:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> do you want an action item to document these guidelines no the wiki?
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:30:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> that's their problem ;)
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:30:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> Let me put it on discussion on project list and then on the wiki, I will document it
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:31:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> :)
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:31:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">manugupt1 to get suggested guidelines discussed on opensuse-project@</span>
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:31:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> any other topic people would like to discuss?
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:32:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Elections
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:32:09 </span><span class="nka">* vuntz</span> <span class="ac">would have loved a summary of the beta pizza hackathon, but fears nobody here can report about it</span>
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:32:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we need to fill out the committee or go with the people that volunteered and get that announced
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:32:49 </span><span class="nka">* terrorpup</span> <span class="ac">couldn't make pizza hackathon work and sick kid</span>
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:33:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Any other topic</span>
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:33:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I have something
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:33:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> shoot
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:33:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> we are now over 8,000 fan on Facebook
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:33:48 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">claps</span>
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:33:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> We hit that this Sunday
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:34:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> woo!
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:34:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">over 8,000 fan on Facebook</span>
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:34:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Anyone here willing to volunteer on the Election committee? We have 3 people so far
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:34:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> only thing I can say about the 'hackathon' is - while I couldn't figure out how to get involved as a community member (there didn't seem to be a google hangout or anything), there was a TON of bugs filed and fixed, and as a maintainer it was a very busy couple of days, which is good
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:35:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I did get an invite for a Google hangout for the hackathon
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:35:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> Ilmehtar, the invite did make seem like it was google hangout
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:35:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> considering that it started at 1 AM in my timezone I decided that I should be sleeping instead ;)
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:36:15 </span><span class="nka">* DimStar</span> <span class="ac">confirms.. there were dozens of people hacking away and reporting bugs to close them (or so).... sad to see though that this was a 'one-day' thing (I think most of those people disappaered again)</span>
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:36:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> yeah, saw lots of bugs getting closed, that was nice
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:36:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">beta pizza hackathon: a TON of bugs filed and fixed!</span>
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:37:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> I think part of the problem is michal (who was co-ordinating things) got sick just before the start, still overall, looks like it was a net positive, I just woulda liked to have been more involved ;-)
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:37:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I know this isn't the time to ask, but I like to be on the social media marketing for 13.1
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:38:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> you probably just need to get a hold of jospoortvliet_
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:38:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think jospoortvliet_ is still on vacation this week
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:39:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> will do
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:40:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> the current total on the opensuse project page on facebook is 8,028 members
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:41:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> robjo asked earlier: anyone willing to help with the election committee?
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:42:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I would like to say yes, but I am now in a middle of a data center move at work. I will not be running this year.
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:43:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> so I guess we should go with the 3 people we have
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:43:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> any last question/comment?
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:43:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> if you ar enot running for the board you are a perfect candidate for the election committe ;)
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:44:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> robjo, I know I just worry about time.
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:44:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we'll go with the volunteers we have, announcement should go out next week then
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:44:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I don't want to say yes, become a no-show-jones &lt; refering the to country singer &gt;
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:45:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> okay, then that's it!
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:45:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> thanks all for joining!
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">15:45:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> no pressure we all get busy
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">15:45:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
