<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:00:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:00:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Feb 20 15:00:48 2013 UTC.  The chair is vuntz. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:00:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:01:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so so so, who do we have here?
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:01:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> here
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> I'm here
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:01:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;coolo&gt;</span> if vuntz is the chair, I'm the table :)
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:01:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> I'm here
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:02:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;cwh&gt;</span> I am here for the openSUSE Team @ SUSE
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:02:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">coolo:</span> now tell me, is it best to be the table?
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> :-)
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:02:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> can we put our feet up on the table?
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:02:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> the agenda is, as usual, at https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> we have three topics
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:02:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> Administration of Planet openSUSE: who is doing it?
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:03:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> Time of the project meeting, should we leave it at new time or move back to old time?
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:03:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> GSoC status
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:03:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I guess we'll have time for additional topics if people want to discuss something else
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:03:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so let's start with the review of past action items
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:03:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Review of past AI</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:04:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> first one: darix setup Ilmehtar with IRC powers for cloak admin
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> do you have an update on this?
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:04:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> no update yet, I've heard nothing from darix and I haven't had the time to poke him - I plan to remedy that by the next meeting
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:05:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> okay, so keeping that
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:06:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">no progress on IRC powers for cloak admin, needs some coordination between darix and Ilmehtar</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:06:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Ilmehtar to chat with darix to get IRC powers for cloak admin</span>
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:06:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> the other AI we had: vuntz find volunteer to admin planet openSUSE
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:07:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I was actually first figuring out who can administrate planet openSUSE
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:08:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> now I know where's it's hosted, and I need to chat with yaloki and possibly others
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:08:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so slow progress, I would say
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:09:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> actually, let's just transition to the first topic of the meeting to give more details
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:09:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Administration of Planet openSUSE: who is doing it?</span>
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:09:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> yaloki and darix have access to that
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:09:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> what about describe the administrative tasks needed and publish as call for help in news.oo?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:10:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> darix is busy with many other things already so it's not fair to ask him to deal with the daily business of the planet
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:10:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> and yaloki is also dealing with other issues
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:11:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> hence the current problems
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:11:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> also I believe we need two ppl instead of one because when we have just one we are near to have nothing ;)
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:11:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> we'll do a call for help at some pointn yes
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:12:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> would you actually want to do the call for help?
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:12:39 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">is help</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:13:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> here*
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:13:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> I can give a try as I'm not so good writing in english language
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:13:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> but even if we get new volunteers, we need to see if we can give access to the server to new people
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:14:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so that's the blocking part right now; being investigated
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:14:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> I can clean it up for you if you like?
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:14:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> if no one other that is native language haise hands, I can try to help
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:14:24 </span><span class="nka">* victorhck</span> <span class="ac">here</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:14:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Roguehorse:</span> ok, I will write someting this evening and I send to you to tke a look, what do you think?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:15:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> Sounds good.
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:15:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we need to investigate if we can give access to the planet.o.o server to new people</span>
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:15:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">and we also need a call for volunteers</span>
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:15:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> can you start discussing things like that when we actually have things in place that people *can* do the work
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:15:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> it makes 0 sense to do call first
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:15:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> it makes sense to have the draft ready, though :-)
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:16:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> ...
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:17:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">vuntz to work with admin@ and yaloki to see if other people can get access to the server</span>
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:17:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> I agree to have a kind of draft ready to go. maybe and probably will change before go online and published, but will be easy to adapt when the times come
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:18:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#acCarlosRibeiro </span><span class="cmdline">and Roguehorse to work on a draft for the call for volunteers (that will be published once we have answers to previous question)</span>
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:18:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> gah
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:18:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">CarlosRibeiro and Roguehorse to work on a draft for the call for volunteers (that will be published once we have answers to previous question)</span>
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:19:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok, I guess that's all for this topic... Any question on this?
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:20:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> nope, then we move on
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:20:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Time of the project meeting, should we leave it at new time or move back to old time?</span>
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so, what do people feel about the new time after a few tries?
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:21:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> +1 for the new time
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:21:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> fine with me
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:22:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> it works for me
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:22:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> +1 for this time
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:22:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> a little stretched for me
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:22:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> later was better? or worse?
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:22:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Well For me too
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:23:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> i am usually back by this time. so will not always be able to make it at this time
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:23:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:23:34 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">is not even back :/</span>
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:23:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> fwiw, this time is not so good for me (I usually have a meeting ending now-ish)
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:24:15 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">looks in and wonders what the flurry of posts in this channel is all about at this ungodly hour...</span>
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:24:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> This time is a little less convenient for me, but I can make it work.  Given a choice between the board being here and my being here, I'd pick a time that was better for the board
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:25:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> +1 for hendersj
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:25:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> also, cboltz can't make it at this time, it seems
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:25:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> But the attendance from the board does not improve Its vuntz and robjo from the past 2 meetings
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:26:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> if I can just offer up an opinion....  in the past, I've observed the optimal time was always (whatever the UTC time is) 1 1/2 hours from now.  But ever since we started futzing around with it in the last few years, eerything since has been dismal
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:26:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> there were a few more board people at the last meeting
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:26:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> seems like we should never have fixed what wasn't broken.
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:26:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I think lack of availability of board people was the problem. And without the board in this meeting it all doesn't make much sense.
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:27:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> what I would like is if each meeting would start with a 'hi, I'm here' from all board members present
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:27:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> to get an idea of who's here and who isn't
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:27:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> just an idea :D
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:27:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> there should be a roll call yes
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:27:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> although sometimes a board member might be 15 min late and miss the roll call  :-D
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:28:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> well
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:28:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> well, that's fine if they say something later on
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:28:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I just would like to have some idea of who's there and who isn't
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:28:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> right now, all I know is that vuntz is here :D
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:28:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> jospoortvliet,   actually there's more history to it than htat.   At one time, project and board meetings were actually separate.    The confluence wasn't a good idea after all in my opinion
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:29:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> yeah, I know... but hey, let bygones be bygones (or however you say/write that)
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:29:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> let me mention that the project meetings are not board meetings anymore
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:29:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> si si
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:29:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> sure, I don't say all board members always have to be here
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:29:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I remember Will was not there and he said that atleast that is good :) and robjo did the same.. which is good actually, also no one from the board members spoke in the last meetings
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:29:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (we have board meetings on monday every other week)
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:29:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> vuntz,   oh?   in case I missed something, can you explain that?
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:29:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> just that it'd be nice to see which ones make it, esp if we adjust the time for that :D
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:29:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I guess you didn't see the minutes of the board meetings on opensuse-project?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:30:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> vuntz,   I'm actually begining to have a life these days    Forgive me for not being on top of everything
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:30:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> :-D
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:30:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I still love you though!
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:30:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> aww....
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:30:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> clearly this is why everything is going wrong ;-)
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:30:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:31:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> suseROCKS - I don't think the idea is to conflate this meeting with the board meeting, but if the board is "steering" the project, then it makes sense for them to be at the project meeting.
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:31:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> Otherwise is there a point to making decisions here?
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:31:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hendersj:</span> we don't need board members to make decisions, do we?
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:31:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I mean, I agree it's better to have board members
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:31:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hendersj,   depends on what the decision is...     We're still a "just do it" organization
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:31:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> but I surely hope we're fine moving without them
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:31:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> I guess part of the question then becomes what the ultimate purpose of the board is.
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:32:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> I've always been under the impression that they guide the project
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:32:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hendersj,    "What's the meaning of life" is a much less complex question  :-D
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:32:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> 42. ;)
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:32:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> lolz :D
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:32:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> Isn't there a wiki on the "purpose" of the board?
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:33:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> I have think, people want to interact on irc with the board sometimes and project meeting is a good way and this is what is missing
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:33:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hendersj:</span> 6x9
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:33:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> +1
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:33:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:33:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Roguehorse,   The definition of the board has evolved over time, although not very succintly at times.
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:33:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so yeah, since this time was better for board members and people seem to like it, let's try to keep it
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:34:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I'll ping the board to make sure they try to be more present again
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">15:34:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (it did work for last meeting)
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">15:34:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> Actually I saw logs and no one else was present in the last meeting :/
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">15:34:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> But there is still definition, yes?
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">15:34:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> might have been the meeting before, then?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">15:35:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I did not see that but then even if it is an indivdiualistic opinion we can expect the board to be a little more opiniostic like you and robjo are I really appreciate that
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">15:35:29 </span><span class="nka">* vuntz</span> <span class="ac">is pretty sure there was a meeting with more participation, but might be mis-remembering</span>
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">15:35:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> just to throw more sticks into the wheel.  While I do wish more board members would be present at these functions, there also has to be an aim at making things interesting and exciting for the whole community to want to come to this meeting.
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">15:35:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> aka  what motivates people to show up here at all?
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">15:35:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> we know that :-)
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">15:36:08 </span><span class="nka">* Ilmehtar</span> <span class="ac">turns up because he loves to know what's going on</span>
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">15:36:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;|miska|&gt;</span> cookies!
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">15:36:32 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">turns up because he's in love with everyone here</span>
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">15:36:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">in general, people seem to prefer this time (although it's a bit worse for a few people)</span>
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">15:36:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> I thought I would drag my bu** out of bed to hang out
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">15:36:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">still disappointment that only a few board members are showing up</span>
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">15:36:59 </span><span class="nka">* hendersj</span> <span class="ac">turns up because I want to keep up on what's going on in the project</span>
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">15:37:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> it would be a lot more comfortable for a lot of us here in asia, if the meeting could be slightly shifted (like an hour or so...)
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">15:37:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> earlier or later?
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">15:37:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> +1 for delaying by one hour
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">15:37:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> later
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">15:37:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> one hour later didn't work for most board members
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">15:37:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> right now, it clashes with our coming back (and even dinner :/)
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">15:38:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Well coming back is a more serious problem saurabhsood91 :P
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">15:38:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> the choice is really current time, current time + 2 hours, or even later
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">15:38:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> can we just get over it... There's not a single time that works for everyone. Last time, we decided that we wanted to have more board members able to join, so we moved it to this time. IF board members still won't join, I'm all for moving back. That's why I asked for them to speak up so we know they actually come.
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">15:39:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> IF the board members join, then, let's keep it at this time.
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">15:39:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> yes, that's the plan
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">15:39:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> Well stated!
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">15:39:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> +1
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">15:39:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">let's keep current time and push board members to join</span>
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">15:39:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> until when?
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">15:39:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">vuntz to push board members again so they join</span>
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">15:40:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> Sounds like a good plan, but if they're not coming to the meeting, we should ask why they don't see it as important enough to attend
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">15:40:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> well, maybe forever? We don't want to switch the time every month
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">15:40:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (although summer time will give us some fun again)
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">15:40:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> I mean the original plan was we switch back if board members do not attend :)
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">15:41:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> but now were back to JOs's original statement
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">15:42:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> I'm pretty sure we will get more board members, hence my statement
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">15:42:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> but really, let's move on
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">15:42:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> I believe you :)
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">15:42:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> again, let's move on. I agree with hendersj that it'd be nice to know why board members don't join - but we can't plan on incidents. Of course they can't always make it.
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">15:42:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">15:42:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> An informed decision from the members would be good
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">15:42:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">15:42:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC status</span>
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">15:43:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. GSoC Status is this
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">15:43:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> saurabhsood91, manugupt1: the stage is all yours
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">15:43:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> :)
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">15:43:31 </span><span class="nka">* saurabhsood91</span> <span class="ac">waits for manugupt1 ;)</span>
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">15:43:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. saurabhsood91 you go first I will fill the others
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">15:43:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> two tasks added
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">15:45:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> we have officially started, but i think the progress can be better
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">15:45:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> we are still awaiting reply from potential mentors
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">15:45:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> ownCloud will help us :)
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">15:45:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> manugupt1 has got in touch with other orgs such as owncloud
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">15:45:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i will be sending a mail to syslog-ng
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">15:45:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> :)
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">15:45:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> any link for the proposal things about what openSUSE wishes to bring to the GSoC
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">15:45:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we're reaching out to other projects (ownCloud, syslog-ng, etc.) to see if they want to join us</span>
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">15:46:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:GSOC_ideas
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">15:46:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i have also sent a draft article for opensuse news. i hope it is  reviewed soon and placed there ;)
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">15:46:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> thanks
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">15:46:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> ownCloud has agreed :)
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">15:46:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ownCloud has agreed to join already</span>
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">15:46:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> i got a reply from vuntz about promotion funds. we need to discuss it once more
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">15:47:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> ok..
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">15:47:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> I plan to attend amd posted in my university forums with some positive response
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">15:47:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> did you get a chance to check the draft i sent to the news team?
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">15:48:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> unfortunately not
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">15:48:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> very busy with the 12.3 marketing :(
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">15:48:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> ok
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">15:48:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> we need other people to help out with news.o.o editing
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">15:48:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> yeah ;)
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">15:48:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> will helps a bit, AJ used to. Once Helen was helping, Izabel too, Kostas.
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">15:48:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> now it's a bit empty :D
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">15:48:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> or rather :(
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">15:49:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> the news team is swamped :D
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">15:49:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> what do you need to work on the news? I like writing
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">15:49:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">article for news.o.o is drafted to help spread the word</span>
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">15:49:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> mostly editing. LIke, a draft article comes it, it needs to be reviewed and then published.
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">15:49:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> who reviews the articles?
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">15:49:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> some scheduling is involved if there are multiple articles but it's not hard
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">15:49:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> i had written a draft for gsoc. you could check it out and help me with it ;)
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">15:49:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> I will do it for you then tomorrow.. its a holiday does that sound?
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">15:49:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> good
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">15:49:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> well, the "news team" but that's me these days and I don't have much time
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">15:50:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> I can yes
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">15:50:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> anditosan, manugupt1: awesome :)
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">15:50:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> aaahhh I se
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">15:50:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> see
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">15:50:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> if you like to help I'd be more than happy to add you to the news team :D
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">15:50:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> Lets move news to -marketing being closed has hurt has :/
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">15:50:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> anditosan@opensuse.org
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">15:50:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> i will forward it to you
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">15:50:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:News_team for info
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">15:51:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I am all for it, after doing artwork for osc13 and a little for release, I get to do nothing for the rest of the time lol
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">15:51:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> awesome.
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">15:51:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> jospoortvliet:
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">15:51:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> ok
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">15:51:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> can you add anditosan to news.o.o and the ml? Or can I?
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">15:52:30 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">doesn't know who else can do it and it seems he can't</span>
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">15:52:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> maybe something to discuss with henne after the meeting? :-)
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">15:52:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> either way, I could still review articles and then send them to you
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">15:53:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> yup
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">15:53:04 </span><span class="nka">* vuntz</span> <span class="ac">feels we got side-tracked from the GSoC topic</span>
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">15:53:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> true. Still, the news team is an issue atm - as there is none
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">15:53:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> anything else you got on gsoc?
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">15:53:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> Nothing as such, but the rate at ideas are pouring in is solwer than usual,
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">15:54:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> any ideas onm how we can make it work faster
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">15:54:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> i agree
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">15:54:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> some suggestions...
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">15:54:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> I have some ideas, but I don't knoiw if they are truly applicable?
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">15:54:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Roguehorse:</span> speak up :)
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">15:55:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> Well, I have never seen a GUI for automatically handling a tar.gz file
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">15:55:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> I don't have any suggestion other than pinging people individually :/
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">15:55:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we need to get more project ideas</span>
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">15:56:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> Well we are at that level but pings on IRC is not realistically possible now
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">15:56:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> we are pinging them... :/
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">15:56:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> From what I can tell, mouse settings are only good for 3 buttons.......I have 5
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">15:56:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Roguehorse:</span> Well we are discussing 2 different things :P
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">15:56:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> manugupt1, saurabhsood91: yeah :/
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">15:57:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> maybe also send another mail to opensuse-project?
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">15:57:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> sorry
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">15:57:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Ok.. We will do that..
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">15:57:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> do you have any other ideas..
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">15:58:09 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">puts eyes back in this channel and tries to catch up....</span>
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">15:58:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> honestly, no...
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">15:58:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> blog post on planet.opensuse.org, maybe
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">15:58:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> that is our action item too
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">15:58:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> lets send another mail to the lists...something like 'GSoC Reminder'
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">15:59:04 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">adds to the trello board</span>
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">15:59:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> we plan to write blog posts on our blogs
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">15:59:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> and jospoortvliet you can write one too :)
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">15:59:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> then I guess it's hard to do more
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">15:59:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> it simply seems people don't really want to do it. We'll try to kick people in the company but there's not much more we can do
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">16:00:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok, as we're nearing the end of the meeting, let's move on and take 5 minutes for other questions
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">16:00:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Other topics?</span>
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">16:00:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> if that is the case we can simply drop off from the next time right.. we can try it this time
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">16:00:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> we should try it
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">16:01:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> is there any preliminary work for openSUSE Summit (meaning, motto, themes, ideas about it)
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">16:01:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> https://news.opensuse.org/2013/02/20/osc13-cfp/
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">16:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> tnx
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">16:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> Ok..
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">16:01:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> no more logo?
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">16:02:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> yes
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">16:02:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> it's currently in the queue because we wanted to get the conference cfp out
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">16:02:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> huh?
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">16:02:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> but robjo is looking at that
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">16:02:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> can I see some of that, later, to guide my thoughts in making artwork for it?
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">16:02:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">@everyone:</span> wanna help the conference? just go to the link henne gave and re-tweet, like and +1 it :D
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">16:02:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> sorry for being somewhat late, but im currently in two other meetings
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">16:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> also see http://lists.opensuse.org/opensuse-project/2013-02/msg00033.html
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">16:03:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> k
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">16:03:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;henne&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> ah, fixed
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">16:03:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">henne:</span> k
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">16:03:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">cfp for conference is out: https://news.opensuse.org/2013/02/20/osc13-cfp/</span>
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">16:03:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ok thanks vuntz
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">16:03:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">16:03:48 </span><span class="nka">* FunkyPenguin</span> <span class="ac">would like to answer some of the previous queries etc on Board member's attendance (or lack thereof)</span>
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">16:04:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> go ahead :-)
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">16:04:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> thanks
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">16:05:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> well im not 100% convinced that all board members need to be at the project meeting
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">16:05:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> yes at least one if not more members should be here, but all of us have a $DAYJOB
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">16:06:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> some are fortunate enough that they can attend as part of their work, some not so
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">16:06:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> as far as planning goes, I try and attend where possible but work tends to throw meetings at me with &lt;5 mins warning and they take precedence
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">16:07:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> there is also the issue that some corp networks block irc - the monsters
<a name="l-297"></a><span class="tm">16:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> now i appreciate and whole heartedly agree that this all sounds like excuses, and they are partially but they are also just putting the facts on the table
<a name="l-298"></a><span class="tm">16:08:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> as vuntz mentioned, the board and project meetings are now seperate
<a name="l-299"></a><span class="tm">16:09:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (btw, one thing I didn't mention earlier is that attendance to board meetings is quite good)
<a name="l-300"></a><span class="tm">16:10:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> as long as we have  some board representation at the project meeting we can continue conversation with the board and if need be involve the wider community
<a name="l-301"></a><span class="tm">16:11:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> note that I'm perfectly OK with you all you guys not always be here. Life gets in the way. It would just be nice if it'd be more than vuntz, esp considering we moved the meeting :D
<a name="l-302"></a><span class="tm">16:11:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> +1 jos
<a name="l-303"></a><span class="tm">16:11:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> i sent you the article ;)
<a name="l-304"></a><span class="tm">16:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> is timing that big an issue? it's been at the new time for how many meetings now, 2?
<a name="l-305"></a><span class="tm">16:11:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> I understand that it's not always possible to be here - but the rest of us have similar constraints, too.  The purpose of a project meeting (in general) is to have stakeholders involved - and what are board members if not stakeholders? ;)
<a name="l-306"></a><span class="tm">16:12:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> ok, I will review tonight (mtn time and then send it to jos for review)
<a name="l-307"></a><span class="tm">16:12:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> yeah, that's why I said we should not change it again for at least a few months :D
<a name="l-308"></a><span class="tm">16:12:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hendersj:</span> stakeholders for the project is not limited to the board members, every single openSUSE member is a stake holder
<a name="l-309"></a><span class="tm">16:12:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> Absolutely agreed.
<a name="l-310"></a><span class="tm">16:13:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> even casual contributors and user have a stake
<a name="l-311"></a><span class="tm">16:13:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> But the board does have a pretty big stake in the project, do they not?
<a name="l-312"></a><span class="tm">16:13:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> The membership elected them for a reason
<a name="l-313"></a><span class="tm">16:13:38 </span><span class="nka">* Ilmehtar</span> <span class="ac">is now hungry for steak</span>
<a name="l-314"></a><span class="tm">16:14:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> im not convinced that we have more of a stake, we have more of a responsibilty for the project
<a name="l-315"></a><span class="tm">16:14:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> +1
<a name="l-316"></a><span class="tm">16:14:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> I think the two are very closely related
<a name="l-317"></a><span class="tm">16:15:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hendersj:</span> yes, they are related, but not intertwined
<a name="l-318"></a><span class="tm">16:15:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> But if you look at it from the standpoint of "more responsibility", surely that includes being involved in the project discussions.
<a name="l-319"></a><span class="tm">16:15:15 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">joins Ilmehtar in wanting a stake</span>
<a name="l-320"></a><span class="tm">16:15:22 </span><span class="nka">* jospoortvliet</span> <span class="ac">means steak, of course :P</span>
<a name="l-321"></a><span class="tm">16:16:00 </span><span class="nka">* anditosan</span> <span class="ac">is already coockin for Ilmehtar and jospoortvliet some juicy steak!</span>
<a name="l-322"></a><span class="tm">16:16:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> I think one point which is fair, I think, is that people want to use the project meetings as an opportunity to interact with some board members
<a name="l-323"></a><span class="tm">16:16:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> of course it doesn't have to be all board members
<a name="l-324"></a><span class="tm">16:16:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> +1 jos - Yes, that. :)
<a name="l-325"></a><span class="tm">16:16:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> and I don't believe we can have everyone here
<a name="l-326"></a><span class="tm">16:16:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> That is a good point - what other opportunity, besides these meetings, does the community have to interact with the board 'in real time'?
<a name="l-327"></a><span class="tm">16:16:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> oh i totally agree, which is why im saying that we shouldnt expect all members to be in attendance
<a name="l-328"></a><span class="tm">16:16:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so I think we're all in violent agreement? :-)
<a name="l-329"></a><span class="tm">16:17:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-330"></a><span class="tm">16:17:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> agreement that we should have *some* attendance from the board
<a name="l-331"></a><span class="tm">16:17:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-332"></a><span class="tm">16:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">hendersj:</span> i understand and appreciate your comments, as to how best to address it im not so clear on
<a name="l-333"></a><span class="tm">16:18:08 </span><span class="nka">* FunkyPenguin</span> <span class="ac">needs to head to a different building for another meeting - sorry</span>
<a name="l-334"></a><span class="tm">16:18:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-335"></a><span class="tm">16:18:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> okay
<a name="l-336"></a><span class="tm">16:18:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;hendersj&gt;</span> It's always a balancing act. :)
<a name="l-337"></a><span class="tm">16:18:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so I guess we can close the meeting now
<a name="l-338"></a><span class="tm">16:18:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> What about a follow up from the board in the ml?
<a name="l-339"></a><span class="tm">16:18:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Roguehorse:</span> follow up to which part exactly?
<a name="l-340"></a><span class="tm">16:19:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> Whatever a board member would like to follow up on in which they could not be present
<a name="l-341"></a><span class="tm">16:19:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> before the meeting ends I'd like to add a notice to everyone :D
<a name="l-342"></a><span class="tm">16:19:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> Good news, everyone! http://bit.ly/ZgsVy1 First version of our 12.3 feature list is online: https://en.opensuse.org/Features_12.3
<a name="l-343"></a><span class="tm">16:19:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> We could really use some help with fact checking, categorization (some stuff ain't in the right place yet), adding of images and general improvements...
<a name="l-344"></a><span class="tm">16:20:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Roguehorse:</span> well, it's not just the board. Everybody is welcome to follow up on all topics on the mailing list
<a name="l-345"></a><span class="tm">16:20:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (which is also why we send minutes there: people can then comment and ask questions)
<a name="l-346"></a><span class="tm">16:20:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> It could be one collaborative mail in which topics are addressed a day or two after the meeting
<a name="l-347"></a><span class="tm">16:21:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I can do some proof reading too!
<a name="l-348"></a><span class="tm">16:21:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Roguehorse:</span> we're already doing that, or am I missing something?
<a name="l-349"></a><span class="tm">16:21:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> I understand, but this would be an official announcement
<a name="l-350"></a><span class="tm">16:21:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> help is welcome!
<a name="l-351"></a><span class="tm">16:22:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Roguehorse:</span> let me close the meeting, and we can keep discussing
<a name="l-352"></a><span class="tm">16:22:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> thanks all for attending
<a name="l-353"></a><span class="tm">16:22:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> k
<a name="l-354"></a><span class="tm">16:22:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> +1 good, I will spend little more time over that and see if I'm able to contribute with something more about Features_12.3 as I see It's pretty much done and maybe have not too much to add
<a name="l-355"></a><span class="tm">16:22:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> minutes will be sent shortly to opensuse-project
<a name="l-356"></a><span class="tm">16:22:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
