===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project Meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by vuntz at 15:01:04 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2013/opensuse-project.2013-10-02-15.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Action items review  (vuntz, 15:06:41)
  * Ilmehtar contacted agustin regarding the reimbursement of local
    materials, waiting for reply  (vuntz, 15:07:05)
  * ACTION: Ilmehtar to keep pushing on the reimbursement of local
    materials  (vuntz, 15:07:21)

* GSoC Wrap Up  (vuntz, 15:07:31)
  * of the 12 students, 10 passed and 2 failed  (vuntz, 15:09:08)
  * 2 mentors will go to mentor summit  (vuntz, 15:09:17)
  * GSoC admins are proposing a set of guidelines for future
    participation in GSoC  (vuntz, 15:18:56)
  * ACTION: manugupt1 to get suggested guidelines discussed on
    opensuse-project@  (vuntz, 15:31:21)

* Any other topic  (vuntz, 15:33:10)
  * over 8,000 fan on Facebook  (vuntz, 15:34:38)
  * beta pizza hackathon: a TON of bugs filed and fixed!  (vuntz,
    15:36:42)



Meeting ended at 15:45:13 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* Ilmehtar
  * Ilmehtar to keep pushing on the reimbursement of local materials
* manugupt1
  * manugupt1 to get suggested guidelines discussed on opensuse-project@



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* vuntz (42)
* manugupt1 (36)
* robjo (26)
* terrorpup (11)
* Ilmehtar (10)
* BManojlovic (3)
* bugbot (2)
* FunkyPenguin (1)
* DimStar (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4