===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE project meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by robjo at 15:01:44 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2013/opensuse-project.2013-10-16-15.01.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* ACTION: Ilmehtar to     keep pushing on the reimbursement of local
  materials  (robjo, 15:06:17)
* LINK: https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Major%20features
  (jospoortvliet, 15:09:39)
* ACTION: Everyone please think of stuff to add to the pages
  jospoortvliet pointed out, this is important to the release and it's
  quality  (robjo, 15:14:09)
* Summit update  (robjo, 15:16:53)



Meeting ended at 15:26:03 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* Ilmehtar
  * Ilmehtar to     keep pushing on the reimbursement of local materials
* jospoortvliet
  * Everyone please think of stuff to add to the pages jospoortvliet
    pointed out, this is important to the release and it's quality



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* robjo (37)
* jospoortvliet (36)
* Ilmehtar (7)
* bugbot (2)
* victorhck (2)
* FunkyPenguin (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4