<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:00:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:00:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Mar 20 15:00:38 2013 UTC.  The chair is vuntz. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:00:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:00:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> did vuntz  just call me a scaredy-cat?
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:01:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> welcome to the latest openSUSE project meeting :-)
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:01:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so who's here?
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> me me me :D
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:01:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> present
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:01:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> I'm half here - technically in a presentation at Novell UK
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:01:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> hopefully it's the best half of you?
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:01:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> here?
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:01:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson_:</span> here?
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:01:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> there's a better half?
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:01:58 </span><span class="nka">* saurabhsood91</span> <span class="ac">is here</span>
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:02:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> this so-called better half needs to be documented or it doesn't exist.
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:02:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> better half needs a man page
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:02:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ;)
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:02:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> :D
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:02:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> yeah,  man up, Ilmehtar!!!
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:02:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so we only have one real topic so far
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:02:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> don't be afraid to suggest topics!
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:03:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> but let's start with the review of past action items
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:03:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> I have a topic - LinuxTag
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:03:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> cool :-)
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:03:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Review of past AIs</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:03:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> first AI is "Ilmehtar and darix work out the cloaking thingy"
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:03:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> any update?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:04:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> sigh, sorry, no. if darix is here, can he suggest a time/date when he could go through it with me, I'll do my best to shift heaven and earth to be there to learn from him
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:04:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> tomorrow 1900 UTC?
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:04:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> deal, I'll be here
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:05:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Ilmehtar and darix will discuss the cloaking topic tomorrow</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:05:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;FunkyPenguin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> sorry I am indeed here
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:05:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I'll leave the AI intact, then
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:05:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Ilmehtar and darix work out the cloaking thingy</span>
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:05:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> hey FunkyPenguin :-)
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:05:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> the other AI we have is "vuntz continue to work on access for planet.o.o"
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:05:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> why say you're here... we can sense Funkyness a mile away
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:06:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so several people mailed me to volunteer to help maintain planet.o.o
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:06:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so it's all good from that perspective
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:06:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> needs ticket system before we can continue with that AI
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:06:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> oh, do we?
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:07:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I know that henne got access to the server and was suggesting to move this website somewhere else
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:07:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> i am glad he talks to me about that. -.-
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:07:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (and I miserably failed to talked to him this week about this topic)
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:07:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> I told him to go to you :-)
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:08:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">for planet.o.o, we got volunteers to help maintain (thanks!)</span>
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:08:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> ticket system so i can sort out all the planet requests into a queue that is interesting for those volunteers
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:09:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">darix points out we need a ticket system to handle planet-related requests</span>
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:09:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> once we have the ticket system we can also involve more people into other parts
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:09:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> does that mean we have to continue to ignore p.o.o requests until a ticket system is in place?
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:09:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">still need to find the right solution to let volunteers be able to maintain planet.o.o</span>
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:10:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> there is no trouble
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:10:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> commit to git
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:10:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> let cronjob pull changes
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:10:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> done
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:10:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> this kinda works for conference.o.o atm
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:10:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ah, I can buy that waiy
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:11:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> if planet.o.o is on git..do you mean github? could we therefore use githubs issue ticket system? job done?
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:11:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">dastergon:</span> i found the issue with the cronjob
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:11:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> it might be still on gitorious but in general yes
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:12:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> though i would like to keep all the requests for opensuse admin stuff on admin@o.o
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:13:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> i am new to opensuse-projects meetings. i am here to discuss about gsoc (representetive from owncloud). am i in the right place?
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:13:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok, so let's keep the AI until this is fixed
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:13:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> yep, gsoc is the next topic :-)
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:13:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> great. thanks
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:13:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">vuntz to help sort the planet.o.o maintenance</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:13:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson_&gt;</span> here, sorry
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:14:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> here.....had to step away
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:14:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> q: cant owncloud apply themself to gsoc?
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:14:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> wstephenson_,   Why are you sorry for being here.  We like you.
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:14:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">for reference, planet.o.o is maintained at https://gitorious.org/opensuse/planet-opensuse</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:14:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> okay, let's move to gsoc
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:14:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC status</span>
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:14:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> here's the microphone :-)
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:15:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> no, that's why I am here :)
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:15:03 </span><span class="nka">* saurabhsood91</span> <span class="ac">steps up</span>
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:15:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> loads of projects added on the ideas page. decent week. now, we have about 14 projects added with mentors :)
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:15:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> Are you allesandro :)
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:15:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> first, it's too late. second, we don't have enough mentors/projects to apply by ourself yet
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:15:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> yes
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:16:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> hey zimba12
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:16:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> a working owncloud 5 with sharing would be gold.
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:16:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> :)
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:16:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> hi
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:17:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> in the future we will probably apply as independent organization
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:17:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> we also have many orgs coparticipating with us such as owncloud, supertuxcart, syslog
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:18:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">many projects added to the ideas page</span>
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> can i still add projects to the ideas page
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> ?
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:18:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> yes
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:18:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">including 14 projects that have mentors</span>
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:18:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> sure ;)
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:18:50 </span><span class="nka">* suseROCKs</span> <span class="ac">wants to see ownCloud GSoC application "ownCloud Mission:  To annihate Google's cloud serices.  Please sponsor us!"</span>
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:19:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> LOL!!! :D
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:19:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">working with other orgs that will possibly co-participate with us (owncloud, supertuxcart, syslog)</span>
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:19:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Hey zimba12 do you have any questions ?
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:19:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> that's why it's better to hide under: "we promote synchronization among distributions...."
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:19:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> :)
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:20:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> hehe
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:20:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> yes. does everyone have access to the wiki page?
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:20:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> yes..
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:20:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Anyone with an account at openSUSE
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:20:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> or even without an account
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:20:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> a student modified the idea page by putting his name as a student
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:20:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> thing that I found very annoying
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:21:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> they should prefix it by 'interested' if they edit it
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:21:21 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">checks</span>
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:22:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i still see Student Needed on the ownCloud project
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:22:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> That is the idea
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:22:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> that's because I re-edited it
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:22:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> oh...
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:22:39 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">has a watch on the page</span>
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> he did prefix it by 'interested', but I don't like that either
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:22:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> ok, great
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:23:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> zimba12,    how about using the ownCloud newsletter to promote the spot?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:23:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> I missed it somehow and I will make try it does not happen next time
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:23:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> I am using our ml already
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:23:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> oh  ok
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:23:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> could you add a line on the wiki, saying that we have a student interested?
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:24:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> didn't notice, but then again, I haven't looked at the latest newsletter  (haven't seen it yet)
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:25:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> anything else on gsoc?
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:25:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> did we already apply?
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:26:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> Yes
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:26:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> No vuntz we will apply this weekend
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:26:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We have a few questions
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:26:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> when is the deadline for adding project on the wiki page?
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:26:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we will apply next week-end</span>
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:26:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> preferably this friday
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:26:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> ok
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">15:26:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> vuntz,   I believe he said this weekend, not next weekend  :-)
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">15:26:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> i dont think there is a deadline. we can keep on adding projects
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">15:27:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i dont think we freeze the ideas page when we apply
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">15:27:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> preferably because we are also vouching for stk and syslog :)
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">15:27:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> which syslog exactly?
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">15:27:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> well, having a lot of projects in the ideas page matters only during the application time
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">15:27:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We wont freeze it anyways but we will clean them up this weekend
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">15:27:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> ok...
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">15:27:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> syslog-ng
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">15:27:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> rsyslog? syslog-ng, old classic syslog
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">15:27:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> yeah. remove the mentorless ones
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">15:27:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> syslog-ng
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">15:27:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> i would add osc2 with me as mentor please
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">15:28:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> cool...
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">15:28:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> UI work this year
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">15:29:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> will add it, but will need a description of what is expected
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">15:29:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I have a few questions
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">15:29:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> sorry few questions without the "a"
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">15:29:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> sure, fire :-)
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">15:30:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> could you send a short description? i will add it to the wiki
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">15:30:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> First one is regarding ideas, as I was discussing with saurabhsood91 that if we allot atleast one idea to a project (say ownCloud, etc) might not be feasible as openSUSE in general had last year 7 projects
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">15:30:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> If mentors decide that would be great
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">15:31:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> that can also mean, a project (not from openSUSE) can also get ignored
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">15:32:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> But that would be mentors deciding amongst themselves and no role of us
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">15:32:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> How does that sound
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">15:32:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> oh, will be have a limited number of projects in total?
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">15:32:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> No
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">15:32:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> the idea was atleast 1 so that no one is annoyed
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">15:33:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> in the end, I think it's up to the admins to decide how to handle that. If you want to delegate that to mentors, then it works (at least, for me :-))
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">15:33:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> but then mentors decide on other slot together
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">15:33:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (it kind of makes sense to see if mentors can come to an agreement, and only step in if needed)
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">15:33:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I think vuntz is right
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">15:33:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span>  can I have your opinion on it
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">15:34:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> i agree. seems a decent way
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">15:35:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> opinion?
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">15:35:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> not sure I understand the issue
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">15:35:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> google doesn't give a bound on the number of projects, does it?
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">15:35:51 </span><span class="nka">* zimba12</span> <span class="ac">forgets the rules every year</span>
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">15:35:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> we will have a limited number of slots for opensuse, and would have to decide how many slots each rach colocating project gets
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">15:35:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> Google gave us 7 slots last year
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">15:36:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> 12
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">15:36:13 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">is forgetful as well :(</span>
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">15:36:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> &lt;zimba12&gt; manugupt1: oh, will be have a limited number of projects in total?
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">15:36:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> &lt;manugupt1&gt; zimba12: No
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">15:36:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> ^ misunderstanding?
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">15:37:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> Question was this If we have 12 projects, and say openSUSE is coparticipating with supertuxkart and ownCloud
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">15:37:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> then should all the projects (12) be decided by mentors itself
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">15:37:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> or give atleast 1 project to ownCloud and supertuxkart
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">15:37:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> and then the remaining 10 is decided amount openSUSE, ownCLould and STK
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">15:38:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> But I feel all the 12 projects should be decided by mentors itself
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">15:38:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> yes. most important thing is giving it to students who deserve it
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">15:39:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> that's why it shouldn't be forced to one project or another
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">15:39:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> That is good that you agree with us
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">15:39:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> +1
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">15:39:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I have a 2nd question
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">15:39:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> on the other hand
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">15:40:05 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">waits</span>
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">15:40:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> this means that all mentors will have to evaluate all the proposals, which is not feasible
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">15:40:45 </span><span class="nka">* vuntz</span> <span class="ac">points out that we another topic to discuss after gsoc :-)</span>
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">15:41:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> mentors will have to choose the best ideas
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">15:41:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> because proposals will come in after the ideas are finalized
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">15:41:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> and also ones which have the best proposals
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">15:41:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I am not certain that we have to discuss all the nitty gritty details in the project meetings
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">15:42:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> #agreed
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">15:42:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;zimba12&gt;</span> we can move on
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">15:42:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">zimba12:</span> You can discuss on #lugmanipal with me and saurabhsood91
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">15:42:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> some of this appears to me should be discussed when the time comes and we actually have slots and students
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">15:42:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">15:42:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> any other major gsoc-related topics?
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">15:42:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> agree
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">15:43:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> STK asked us a question if openSUSE gets in then how do we handle the money that comes to openSUSE
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">15:43:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> As they want to buy a tablet for their use
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">15:44:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so, for money
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">15:44:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> this will likely work like for last year
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">15:44:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> money will go inside SUSE, but marked for use for openSUSE
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">15:45:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I'll ask if we can use the money like that
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">15:45:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> but sounds doable to me
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">15:45:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> so since STK requested us for money, we can earmark it from openSUSE for them right?
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">15:45:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> AFAIK by the time we get paid by Google openSUSE will have it's own account
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">15:45:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">vuntz to figure out if GSoC money can be used to buy a tablet for the project (or a co-participating project)</span>
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">15:46:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> should work, but I'll check to be sure
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">15:46:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> Sure thanks
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">15:46:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> anything else for gsoc?
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">15:46:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I think thats all from my side :)
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">15:46:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> also good for you?
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">15:46:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> yes
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">15:46:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> let's move on the,
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">15:47:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">LinuxTag</span>
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">15:47:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> Ilmehtar had to go
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">15:47:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> but he left me this:
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">15:48:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> We're looking for volenteers for LinuxTag, we have had 2 community members step up and 2 SUSE employees offering to help when they can. More will help, please contact RBrownCCB@opensuse.org - I dont know the situation as to whether TSP will be able to help, but I'm following that up
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">15:49:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> Thanks!
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">15:49:33 </span><span class="nka">* Ilmehtar</span> <span class="ac">is running for a train</span>
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">15:50:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> go faster, don't miss it ;)
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">15:50:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> Ilmehtar,   the train can't run by itself?
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">15:51:08 </span><span class="nka">* manugupt1</span> <span class="ac">has had one more topic if people would allow 2 minutes</span>
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">15:52:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> no question on linuxtag?
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">15:52:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (sorry had to run for two minutes ;-))
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">15:52:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">we have 4 people offering to help, more help is welcome</span>
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">15:52:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">please contact Ilmehtar if you want to help</span>
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">15:52:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> okay, no question on this
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">15:53:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">AOB</span>
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">15:53:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so any other thing?
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">15:53:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> yeah..
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">15:53:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> you mentioned you had another topic?
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">15:53:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> AOB?
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">15:53:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> any other business
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">15:53:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> One thing this November we will have FOSS.in, openSUSE's traditional prescence on Asia's largest conference has been very low, also FOSS.in promotes highly technical talks
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">15:54:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> So I guess if anyone can come and give a talk representing openSUSE would be very good
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">15:55:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">FOSS.in (conference in India) will be in November; openSUSE-related talks are welcome! :-)</span>
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">15:55:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> We may apply for a booth, along with that the same may give us a chance for a hakathon or a get together
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">15:55:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> +1
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">15:56:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> in India
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">15:56:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> if there's a good topic for a hackathon, that could make sense
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">15:56:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> yes.. off course :)
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">15:57:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> while it is good to import people to "seed" a major event in a particular country (like we did at SCaLE two years ago and now it is very self-sufficient locally) the primary goal has to be to infuse local community
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">15:57:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> In other words, it should be viewed as an investment with the ROI being increased local commitment in subjequent years.
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">15:57:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> To that aspect, what can we do to shore up local community commitment to openSUSE in the region?
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">15:58:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> The booth will be handled by Locals right :)
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">15:58:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> And can the locals also give talks?    We generally consider the booth staffers also the presenters.
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">15:58:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> locals should give the talks as well
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">15:58:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> Talks off course, We will apply
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">15:59:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> that would be preferable, but it is an open suggestion to the community
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">15:59:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> But as far as I know FOSS.in has taken prominent speakers in the past
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">15:59:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> I will contact srinidhi and atri for talks
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">15:59:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> the possible problem is that the local community may not be educated eough on the primary benefits and technical expertise.  That's where a first year import-infusion can be beneficial.
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">16:00:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> So, probably a good idea would be to first identify where the knowledge gap exists locally, figure out if they can be taught beforehand, and if not, send people there  with the idea that we don't keep sending people every year from faraway places.
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">16:00:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> sounded more like "wee need someone to come and talk", sorry for the misunderstanding, I do not appear to be alone on this though ;)
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">16:01:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> If we have to keep sending people annually, then well..&gt; I consider that a failed investment
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">16:01:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs points out that we should use this as an opportunity to help grow the local community that will be able to do more and more for such local events in the future</span>
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">16:02:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">manugupt1:</span> might be worth discussing your plans for foss.in on the opensuse-ambassadors or opensuse-marketing lists
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">16:02:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> it is not as if we 'need' sometone to come and give a talk. it is just that it would be good. we would try and get more indian speakers to apply on opensuse, and that will be very desirable if we have a sizeable number
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">16:02:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> Sure..
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">16:02:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> it would do well to rev up the indian community ;)
<a name="l-265"></a><span class="tm">16:03:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> +1
<a name="l-266"></a><span class="tm">16:03:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok, any other topic / question?
<a name="l-267"></a><span class="tm">16:03:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> saurabhsood91, +1  even if India is a very small country with only 1 Billion people or so.
<a name="l-268"></a><span class="tm">16:03:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (and we can keep discussing foss.in after the meeting, obviously)
<a name="l-269"></a><span class="tm">16:04:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I have a brief one,
<a name="l-270"></a><span class="tm">16:04:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> go ahead
<a name="l-271"></a><span class="tm">16:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> I'd like to recommend you add an "Initiatives" secton to the agenda permanently... Let me explain...
<a name="l-272"></a><span class="tm">16:05:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> In the olden Project Meeting days, these meetings were fertile ground for creating new ideas during meetings.     For example, Community week was a byproduct of an in-meeting discussion.
<a name="l-273"></a><span class="tm">16:05:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> just add it to the agenda? :-)
<a name="l-274"></a><span class="tm">16:05:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> so if you have an "initiatives" section, dedicating the last 10 min or so of a meeting, you might encourage people to come up with great ideas during meetings.
<a name="l-275"></a><span class="tm">16:06:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> vuntz,   yes, as a permanent part of your agenda
<a name="l-276"></a><span class="tm">16:06:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Roguehorse&gt;</span> That sounds cool +1
<a name="l-277"></a><span class="tm">16:06:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">suseROCKs suggests to have a permanent "Initiatives" topic to the agenda so that new ideas can be discussed during the meetings</span>
<a name="l-278"></a><span class="tm">16:07:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> you misunderstood me: I was meaning that you should simply go ahead and add it to the agenda ;-)
<a name="l-279"></a><span class="tm">16:07:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> vuntz,   I kind of understood that, even if you're French!  :-)   I meant to say, it shouldn't be something to be remembered and added each time but something that is a fixed part.  That's all  :-)
<a name="l-280"></a><span class="tm">16:08:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-281"></a><span class="tm">16:08:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> :D
<a name="l-282"></a><span class="tm">16:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> okay, anything else?
<a name="l-283"></a><span class="tm">16:08:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> yes yes
<a name="l-284"></a><span class="tm">16:08:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> very quickly, then
<a name="l-285"></a><span class="tm">16:08:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> we are working some things out for summit 2013, is the ml for the summit still working?
<a name="l-286"></a><span class="tm">16:09:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">note:</span> 5 board members present today
<a name="l-287"></a><span class="tm">16:09:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> or can it be enabled agan
<a name="l-288"></a><span class="tm">16:09:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> I sent a message to mladmin
<a name="l-289"></a><span class="tm">16:09:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> thanks :D
<a name="l-290"></a><span class="tm">16:09:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> that's it for me :D
<a name="l-291"></a><span class="tm">16:10:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">summit mailing list is getting revived (mailed sent to mladmin)</span>
<a name="l-292"></a><span class="tm">16:10:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-293"></a><span class="tm">16:10:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> we're done!
<a name="l-294"></a><span class="tm">16:10:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> thanks for joining!
<a name="l-295"></a><span class="tm">16:10:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;manugupt1&gt;</span> bye.. :)
<a name="l-296"></a><span class="tm">16:10:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
