=========================
#opensuse-project Meeting
=========================


Meeting started by Ilmehtar at 15:02:11 UTC.  The full logs are
available at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2013/opensuse-project.2013-09-18-15.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* Reviewing action items  (Ilmehtar, 15:03:14)
  * LINK: http://lizards.opensuse.org/?p=9856&preview=true
    (jospoortvliet_, 15:05:49)
  * LINK:
    https://progress.opensuse.org/projects/travel-support-program-management/wiki/Booth_box#Artwork-needed
    (jospoortvliet, 15:07:42)

* Booth kits/Marketing materials  (Ilmehtar, 15:08:31)
  * Booth kits for events are still not ready. SUSE are hiring a
    designer, progress will be limited until then  (Ilmehtar, 15:09:22)
  * the community artwork team can help. Todo is on
    https://progress.opensuse.org/projects/travel-support-program-management/wiki/Booth_box#Artwork-needed
    and all input is welcome  (jospoortvliet, 15:09:44)
  * ACTION: ilmehtar / board to ask for info re: reimbursement of
    locally produced materials  (Ilmehtar, 15:14:23)

* Other Topics  (Ilmehtar, 15:17:22)



Meeting ended at 15:27:10 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* Ilmehtar (21)
* jospoortvliet (18)
* ishwon (7)
* jospoortvliet_ (6)
* bugbot (2)
* cwh (2)
* FunkyPenguin (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4