<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE project meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Aug 21 15:01:13 2013 UTC.  The chair is robjo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:01:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:01:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Hi all and welcome to today's project meeting
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:01:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> hello all
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:01:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> Hello geekos
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;victorhck&gt;</span> hi all!!
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> There is no agenda :( , i.e. no one added anything here: https://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:03:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> robjo, where are the Summit meetings?
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:03:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> AFAIK there were no action items from the last meeting, but please correct me if I am wrong as I was not available for the last meeting
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:03:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> we've not had a summit meeting, but these need to get rolling. Thanks for the reminder
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:03:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> Hi all
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:04:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">FunkyPenguin:</span> ping
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> np, my work office is in winter park, so they are going to let me go there work that weeks so I can be tere
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:04:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson__:</span> ping
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:05:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Vincent is on vacation
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:05:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> With no posted agenda and no action items, does anyone have anything that we want to discuss today?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:06:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> nothing from me
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:06:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> robjo, e-mail we are going to start on Summit, that is why I showed today. :)
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:08:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> the e-mail from the board meeting minutes was about next years 2014 Summit and that the board needs to make a decision about the event
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:08:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> this is unrelated to the 2013 Summit
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I understand that, I am talking help with 2013
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:09:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> another topic that maybe here is not the best place to talk.. but few days ago I was surprised with a frind of mine sharing his Ubuntu membership certificate trhough the facebook, that makes me remind about a very old idea that i rised long ago.. about to have it for openSUSE.. is just a paper right? but ppl most part young ppl and early students loves to put certificates on wall, and show that for their bosses and include in curriculum
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:09:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> like my friend did it, and for sure will help us to spread our project even better . Have a look https://picasaweb.google.com/104830275042059445407/21DeAgostoDe2013#5914588393515072194
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:12:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I am principally not opposed to have a "Membership Certificate" although I do question the value of it.
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:13:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> and we can send it togueter with the welcome message from the openSUSE board, pretty easy, simple imho
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:14:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> I'm not opposed to the idea, but I do think it seems like a significant logistical overhead when we still struggle to get our membership comitee to approve/dissaprove of membership requests in a timely manner
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:14:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, maybe for us old guys, have not much value, but as i said, for early stundents, or even yeoung employyes that could get some rise salary when showing some certificates to their bosses... many companies do this over here in brazil
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:14:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Membership is handled autonomously by the membership team, it would be up to the team to see if they are willing to handle any additional items
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:15:49 </span><span class="nka">* CarlosRibeiro</span> <span class="ac">thinking in new ppl, students that are in the start pages of their professional life</span>
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:16:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> I do not dispute that the perceived value of such a certificate will be vastly different in different areas of the globe
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:18:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Again, someone has to deal with it. Considering Ilmehtar's comment about timely approval and other matters regarding membership the question is more about "how do we handle it" rather than if it is OK to do
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:18:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> so if the approval commited or even board agree, i could help giving some certificates samples to be choosen ;-)
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:19:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> In the end either the membership team needs to take it on or another person will have to be notified by the membership team to send it out when we gain a new member
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:21:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> I don't see it as an issue of the design, I see it as an issue of "Who will handle the ongoing workload?"
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:21:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we need to answer the "who" question first, I am certain the rest would fall into place relatively quickly
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:21:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> and there is probably also an issue of "who will pay for the postage".. though hopefully that wont be too much of an issue
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:22:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, I volutnteer to send it after membership was approved and I received a mail for the membership
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:22:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> do yo have to take a test to get the cert?
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:22:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> This should be a "print it yourself" item, maybe it can also be attached to a members' connect account
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:22:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> Ilmehtar, we do not need to print it, just send a pdf and if someone wishes to print, they can print by them selfs
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:23:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> the cert is a membership cert, thus becoming a member is the only requirement
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:23:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> terrorpup, no tests required, just after membership evaluate the person contributions and approved for the membership
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:24:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">CarlosRibeiro:</span> we'd have to have someone from the membership committee agree to send you a message when a new member gets approved
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:24:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> that's not a decision that anyone else can make
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:24:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> I was asking as I am member already, I thought maybe the *buntu folks were making people take a test to get membership
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:24:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> hello folks ... sorry for being late ...
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:24:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, i got the point, right
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:25:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> the way the process works, the whole membership commitee would need to know about this change, or we'll need to change the tooling in connect, as the process is all automated there
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:25:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">terrorpup:</span> based on the text on the certificate it appears that contributions are sufficient, i.e. the same measure we apply
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> terrorpup, i have no clue what the process for *buntu to approve someone to be a member, but i believe is based in ppl previos contributions
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:26:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;terrorpup&gt;</span> ok. sorry to side track
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:26:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> robjo, yes based on previous contributions as shown in their certification
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:26:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> are you willing to investigate and report back?
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:27:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> sure thing, hit me with an action item, it's an excuse to contact the rest of the team and encorage them to clear up the remaining requests at the very least ;-)
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:28:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Ilmehtar investigate what it would take to change connect to send membership certificate or handle a certificate in some way</span>
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:28:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Any other topics?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:29:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> not by me
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:29:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;diamond_gr&gt;</span> CarlosRibeiro, ubuntu membership has to do with contributions, launchpad, testimonials and finally when they have an IRC interview. Then they vote for him/her live.
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:30:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If there's nothing else we can adjourn
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:30:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;CarlosRibeiro&gt;</span> diamond_gr, good, pretty much the same as our process contributions, events, translations, wiki, lizards, planet...
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:31:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
