===========================================
#opensuse-project: openSUSE Project meeting
===========================================


Meeting started by vuntz at 15:04:00 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2013/opensuse-project.2013-10-30-15.04.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* action items review  (vuntz, 15:06:30)
  * ACTION: jospoortvliet to check with TSP about ability to deal with
    reimbursement of local materials  (vuntz, 15:20:13)
  * ACTION: toscalix_ to discuss reimbursement of local materials with
    Ilmehtar and/or vuntz  (vuntz, 15:20:48)
  * LINK: https://en.opensuse.org/Screenshots_13.1   (jospoortvliet,
    15:25:01)
  * ACTION: Everyone help with documenting new features and providing
    screenshots for the release, this is important to the release and
    its quality  (vuntz, 15:25:41)

* Create a new Project 'Application:ERP'  (vuntz, 15:26:11)
  * bug already filed https://bugzilla.novell.com/show_bug.cgi?id=847342
    (vuntz, 15:32:06)
  * nobody with any objection  (vuntz, 15:32:12)

* any other topic?  (vuntz, 15:32:22)



Meeting ended at 15:34:42 UTC.



Action items, by person
-----------------------

* Ilmehtar
  * toscalix_ to discuss reimbursement of local materials with Ilmehtar
    and/or vuntz
* jospoortvliet
  * jospoortvliet to check with TSP about ability to deal with
    reimbursement of local materials
* toscalix_
  * toscalix_ to discuss reimbursement of local materials with Ilmehtar
    and/or vuntz
* vuntz
  * toscalix_ to discuss reimbursement of local materials with Ilmehtar
    and/or vuntz



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* vuntz (43)
* toscalix_ (25)
* jospoortvliet (10)
* robjo (9)
* bugbot (4)
* antlarr (4)
* lupinstein (1)
* henne (1)
* Ilmehtar (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4