17:11:23 <robjo> #startmeeting openSUSE Summit org meeting
17:11:23 <bugbot> Meeting started Thu Sep 26 17:11:23 2013 UTC.  The chair is robjo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
17:11:23 <bugbot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
17:12:09 <robjo> Hi all and welcome to the openSUSE Summit organization meeting
17:12:38 <robjo> sorry for being late, no alarm on the calendar entry and busy typing away at some stuff, time is slipping away....
17:12:59 <robjo> Lets see who is here for the meeting, role call please
17:13:57 <robjo> hellooooo, I know gmelo is here for the meeting, who else?
17:14:03 <gmelo> I'm here for the meeting - gmelo
17:14:44 <robjo> Hmm I guess that makes only two of us :(
17:15:11 <robjo> OK, lets just type away for public record at least
17:15:28 <robjo> Action items are collected on the wiki: https://en.opensuse.org/Portal:Summit/to-dos
17:16:02 <robjo> andy had sent some proposals for some artwork to the list, I have not yet had a chance to review
17:16:33 <robjo> budget discussions are still on going, loks like we have the necessary money to get the keynote speaker :)
17:17:00 <robjo> Just need to figure out if we can do all the booking flight & hotel ahead of time or if we need to go the reimbursement route
17:17:11 <gmelo> I'm waiting for the artwork to start my second task -  find Orlando local LUGs, Universities/Colleges and contact about Summit
17:18:02 <robjo> gmelo: Please do not wait, we know LUGs want a long lead time, thus send out the initial contact e-mail as son as your time allows please
17:18:04 <gmelo> my other task - ticket price suggestion and making available in SUSE Web shop is complete… I think that one is done.
17:18:23 <gmelo> ok @robjo
17:18:28 <robjo> We have tickets in the SUSE shop already? Great
17:18:35 <robjo> Did you send me the link?
17:18:39 <gmelo> yep… you didn't see my emails?
17:18:44 <gmelo> I sent out to the ML
17:18:51 <robjo> I am still way behind on e-mail reading, sorry
17:19:03 <gmelo> Stella will make them available in OSEM
17:20:33 <robjo> OK, I'll update summit.o.o, hopefully today
17:20:53 <gmelo> check it out
17:20:54 <gmelo> https://buy.suse.com/store/suse/en_US/buy/productID.264935300
17:20:55 <robjo> hopefully we can also get the ticket links into the summit article
17:21:56 <gmelo> unfortunately I had to remove the mickey mouse head logo because of copyright issues but Andy gave a nice oSSUM13 logo so, we are good. Check that out robjo
17:22:28 <robjo> I think that's really it for today, CfP is still open for another week then we'll have to race to get the program together
17:22:56 <robjo> Local out reach, budget, meal planning, and TSP are the items we need to focus on
17:23:37 <robjo> Cool.
17:23:47 <robjo> gmelo: thanks for showing up and for the help
17:24:09 <gmelo> anytime @robjo. I'm glad I was able to help. Now, I'll focus on my second task then. ;)
17:24:48 <robjo> Lets have weekly meetings from now on until the event to make certain things stay somewhat on track and hopefully more people will start showing up.
17:24:53 <robjo> #endmeeting