<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:04:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">openSUSE Project Meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:04:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Nov 13 15:04:45 2013 UTC.  The chair is Ilmehtar. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:04:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:04:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> Board check - I know Robert is busy as SUSEcon .. vuntz too I guess.. FunkyPenguin are you here?
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:07:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> Guess not.. is anyone else here? I see no one has put anything on the agenda for today. Nothing to bring up/share?
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:12:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> Okay, as it looks like no one is here for the meeting, I'm just going to go ahead and carry stuff over from the last minutes
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:12:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">action items review</span>
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:13:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">jospoortvliet to check with TSP about ability to deal with reimbursement of local materials (carried over from 30.10.2013)</span>
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:13:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> hello folks!
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:13:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">toscalix_ to discuss reimbursement of local materials with Ilmehtar and/or vuntz  (carried over from 30.10.2013)</span>
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:13:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> sorry for being late ...
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:14:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">Everyone help with documenting new features and providing screenshots for the release, this is important to the release and its quality (carried over from 30.10.2013)</span>
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:14:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> oh no problem ishwon :) looks like its just you and me, everyone else is busy :)
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:14:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ishwon:</span> did you have anything you wanted to bring up in the meeting?
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:14:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Guys, we're having a Linux Festival in Mauritius on 25 November. I am doing a presentation on openSUSE and the Advocate program. See details : http://linuxfest.lugm.org/
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:15:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">any other topic?</span>
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:16:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Well, on my end I didn't get time to produce DVDs or other stuffs. I am however providing 2 notebooks &amp; 1 PC with openSUSE KDE, GNOME and MATE ... including internet access for people to try the openSUSE experience.
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:16:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> oh cool :) that's great
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:17:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Do we have any update regarding Local Coordinator program &amp; openSUSE welcome pack for Advocates? I may update my presenation accordingly.
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:17:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">ishwon presenting on openSUSE and the Advocate program at Linux Festival in Mauritius http://linuxfest.lugm.org/ . no locally produced materials, but PCs with openSUSE will be available for visitors to see openSUSE</span>
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:18:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> We don't. With my personal circumstances (moving country and new job!) I've not been able to keep on moving the Local Coordinator thing forward. Luckily I have found at least one, possibly two volunteers to replace me, I just need to talk to them to finalise stuff
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:19:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Another thing ... The opensuse-ambassadors mailing list seems kind of dormant ;) I recently introduced 2 advocates from Mauritius ... I noticed the welcome was poor. I mean if we look at the amount of advocates in the list &amp; just 2 or 3 people welcoming new guys, it's not that warm. Just my 2 cents ...
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:20:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Oh! ok ... If there's anything I can help you with, regarding the LC program, just ping me any tiom
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:20:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> *time
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:21:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancor&gt;</span> sorry for being late
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:21:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> in terms of openSUSE 'welcome packs' and all that marketing stuff, it's still dependant on SUSE sponsoring/providing the materials, and while I cant say 'its done!' I know the ball is rolling so I expect progress 'soon' :)
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:22:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ancor:</span> no problem, anything you want to bring up?
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:22:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancor&gt;</span> about the screenshots and features, all the "official announcement" an feature guides are already don and sent to the press
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:23:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancor&gt;</span> thanks everybody for the contributions with both screenshots and text
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:23:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> oh okay, lets see..how can I fix this in the meetingbot..
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:24:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Screenshots, Features, Official Announcement and Features Guide are actually all done and sent to the press. Thanks to everyone who contributed!</span>
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:24:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> I think that'll do.. :)
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:25:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> anything else?
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:25:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> and ishwon I know what you mean about the opensuse-ambassadors mailinglist, do you have any ideas on how to encorage more people to use it?
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:25:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancor&gt;</span> and for the check with the TSP for reimbursement of local materials, the TSP already replied, but let's wait for jospoortvliet for this subject
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:26:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ancor:</span> thanks, I need to have that chat with Agustin too, will have to be when he gets back
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:29:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> well, maybe by encouraging the advocates to share what they are doing in their region, like meetings they are attending etc ... writing short sum-ups. i've encouraged the newly joined advocates here to start blogging.
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:29:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> i can ask them to share their experiences on the mailing list as well ... this could start some activity at least.
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:29:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ishwon:</span> great! that's perfect, good idea :) go for it
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:30:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> thanks, i'll announce them in the next meeting :) they are young &amp; enthusiastic, they'll be happy about it :)
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:31:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Advocates are encoraged to share what they're upto - blog, post to the opensuse-ambassadors mailing list, spread the word!</span>
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:31:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> Any other topics?
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:34:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span>  we need more candidates for the board elections ;-)
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:34:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Board elections</span>
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:35:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Board elections are soon! Candidates have until Sunday 17th November to announce their candidacy - We need more candidates!</span>
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:35:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> Please either stand up for candidature or nominate someone who you think would be a good candidate
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:35:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Please either stand up for candidature or nominate someone who you think would be a good candidate</span>
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:36:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> at election-officials@opensuse.org
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:36:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> we currently have 5 candidates which is not enough to run an election. We would have to postpone
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:37:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#info </span><span class="cmdline">Nominations can be sent to election-officials@opensuse.org - Candidate announcements should be sent to both election-officials@opensuse.org and opensuse-project@opensuse.org</span>
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:37:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> I thought you had enough candidates ... I'll send my candidature. Can contribute &amp; help the project in terms of ideas :)
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:37:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> out of interest, whats your minimum?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:37:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ishwon:</span>  please check what rschweikert wrote on the -project mailinglist about board member tasks and duties
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:38:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span>  that is up to discussion in the committee
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:39:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">digitltom:</span> fair enough :)
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:39:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> Yup, I read the mail ... regarding weekly, bi-weekly meetings, following applications, pinging folks at SUSE :) well, as long i have my notebook &amp; internet, those are things i can do :)
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:40:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;digitltom&gt;</span> <span class="hi">ishwon:</span>  ok, we are awaiting your announcement :-)
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:41:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> saurabhsood91, marguerite EGD .. anything you want to add/ask at the Project meeting before we wrap up?
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:43:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> guess not.. okay, last call, anyone with anything to say before we wrap this meeting up? :)
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:43:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ishwon&gt;</span> not from my side
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:44:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;ancor&gt;</span> not here
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:44:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
