=============================================
#opensuse-project: oSC14 Organization meeting
=============================================


Meeting started by robjo at 16:02:29 UTC.  The full logs are available
at
http://community.opensuse.org/meetings/opensuse-project/2013/opensuse-project.2013-12-12-16.02.log.html
.



Meeting summary
---------------

* LINK:
  http://s1108.photobucket.com/user/anditosan/media/Logo_Proposal_4_zps6766829e.png.html
  (warlordfff, 16:09:12)
* ACTION: core team to narrow logo choice to 2-3 options and decide
  (robjo, 16:15:30)
* ACTION: core team to narrow motto to 2-3 options and decide  (robjo,
  16:16:45)
* info on local activities  (robjo, 16:24:41)
  * we will reword the booth/table "offering" in the brochure to make it
    more explicit that this is a choice of the sponsor, not intricately
    tied to the sponsor offering  (robjo, 16:53:33)

* Help needed with writing announcements, organizational activities
  (robjo, 16:57:18)
  * CfP team to take under advisement that we want to start populating
    the schedule as early as possible  (robjo, 17:17:50)
  * CfP team to keep TSP in the loop about dates  (robjo, 17:18:54)
  * absolute deadline to deal with someone that wants to be sponsored
    and give a talki is 6 weeks prior to the event  (robjo, 17:19:32)
  * ACTION: Marketing team to start to prepare materials as soon the
    motto and artwork is decided  (robjo, 17:20:22)
  * some concerns about trello task organization, to be worked out as we
    go along  (robjo, 17:31:48)



Meeting ended at 17:32:24 UTC.



People present (lines said)
---------------------------

* SveborP (98)
* izabelvalverde (85)
* robjo (78)
* warlordfff (73)
* henne (52)
* anditosan (50)
* CarlosRibeiro (47)
* differentreality (24)
* lucijana (17)
* bugbot (2)
* TomoS (2)
* amon0thoth1 (1)
* enola (1)



Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4