<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-project log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">15:00:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting </span><span class="cmdline">project-meeting</span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">15:00:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Wed Feb  6 15:00:55 2013 UTC.  The chair is robjo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">15:00:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">15:01:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Hi everyone
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">15:01:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The agenda for today's meeting can be found here: http://en.opensuse.org/openSUSE:Project_meeting
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">15:02:40 </span><span class="nka">* vuntz</span> <span class="ac">is here earlier than he thought (but is happy to have robjo chair ;-))</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">15:02:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> FunkyPenguin, and tittiatcoke are occupied with other meetings and may join in a little while
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">15:03:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> ok, lets start with the items from last time
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">15:03:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">review AIs from last meeting</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">15:03:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> ping
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">15:04:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> ping
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">15:04:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> pong
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">15:04:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">Ilmehtar:</span> did darix get you set up with IRC powers?
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">15:04:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;Ilmehtar&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> not yet, nope, and sadly I haven't had much time to push for it yet - it's top of my todo list once i'm back from this hackathon
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">15:05:06 </span><span class="nka">* warlordfff</span> <span class="ac">here</span>
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">15:05:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, we'll keep it as an AI
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">15:05:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">darix setup Ilmehtar with IRC powers for cloak admin</span>
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">15:06:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I think I saw a mail about GSoC, thus that is sompleted
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">15:06:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> hi all
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">15:06:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> next AI was  for me
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">15:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We had a discussion about transparency of board actions and activities during the board meeting last week
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">15:07:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> The result are the published meeting minutes and the activities page
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">15:08:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> This should give everyone a better insight into what's going on with the elected folks
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">15:08:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Hopefully this is satisfactory.
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">15:08:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> comments on those items?
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">15:08:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> and questions to the board are welcome, so don't hesitate if you want to know more!
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">15:08:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;warlordfff&gt;</span> loved the idea for the site
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">15:09:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> give me a sec
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">15:09:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> as vuntz pointed do not hesitate to contact the board if you have questions/concerns
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">15:09:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> so what do you guys think about talking openly about each other - are you going to react like last time, don't talk about individual members, or have you agreed to be open about your opinions?
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">15:10:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> Obviously certain topics are sensitive, and we have to respect what people have done for the project in the past and their current status.
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">15:11:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> "react like last time"?
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">15:11:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> well, I'm not talking about health issues or stuff...
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">15:11:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> last time, robjo said that someone wasn't active. He didn't want to talk about that.
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">15:11:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> When a board members goes MIA the course of action is that the other board members will first try everything possible to connect with the person in question
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">15:12:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I'd like to hear those things. Being a board member is at least a bit of a public thing
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">15:12:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;coolo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> e.g. what do you think about robjo's moustache? :)
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">15:12:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> coolo gets it, as usual.
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">15:12:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> spot on
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">15:12:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> heh
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">15:12:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> what I'm asking is if you guys can agree on being open about your opinions on each other, not consider these things private
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">15:12:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> If that fails the issue will be addressed in the open
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">15:12:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> as I think it's not, being on the board is a public position
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">15:13:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> board members that run their fingers across the keyboard pre-maturely and in frustration will be slapped on the hands ;)
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">15:13:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;coolo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> it doesn't mean you can't have discussions in privat to then speak "as board"
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">15:14:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">coolo:</span> well, yes, but they might very well refuse to give an opinion to me or in public about their idea about the performance of another board member
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">15:14:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> my point is that nobody knows about the preformance of board members as well as THEY do.
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">15:14:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> of course, private/personal things - that's not what I mean.
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">15:14:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but if 4 of the 5 board members consider nr 5 all talk and no work, but this is not visible in the community, shouldn't that be said?
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">15:15:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> that's what I mean
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">15:15:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> on the other hand you have to consider that "public infighting" for lack of a better term serves no purpose, thus there has to be a balance
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">15:15:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I guess the board members should first talk internally to see why this is happening, and if it can change?
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">15:15:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I mean, it's kind of weird to go public without trying to fix the issue
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">15:15:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> usually the response you get when asking about how henne is being an ass again, you get a reply like "I'm not comfortable talking about that". So, I keep voting for the dude :D
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">15:15:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> yeah, I know it is a balance thing
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">15:16:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I just hoped you guys would talk and think about this. Especially because it IS sensitive
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">15:16:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> do you have concrete examples of other communities handling this the way you would like to?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">15:16:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> there's a line between being responsible in saying what you think and gossip...
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">15:17:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> actually the KDE board has said at the last meeting (on a similar inquiry) that they'd be more than happy to respond to individual inquiries about their opinions about other members' performance
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">15:17:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> sorry for the crappy sentence I just put that in ;-)
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">15:18:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> but after that I realized I've had this frustration with the openSUSE board being opaque as well...
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">15:18:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> hence my question.
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">15:18:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> imho you should measure people not like that
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">15:18:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> we have talked, that's in the minutes, and I outlined the course of action in the future here
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">15:18:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> measure them on the public presence
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">15:18:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> on how their work is presented
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">15:18:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> but did anyone ask about kde board members performance, then? :-)
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">15:18:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> because most people going MIA will also get quiet on the public side.
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">15:18:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> I mean, I'm not against being open, but it's a difficult balance in this case
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">15:18:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> if you send a private e-mail to board members I am certain you will get a response
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">15:19:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (and I know I tend to be on the safe side for this)
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">15:19:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> yeah,  I know. I reallize it's a complex thing. I just hoped to make it a bit more, dunno, visible...
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">15:19:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> and robjo I'll take you up on that if the need arises
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">15:19:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> I just liked that to be explicit
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">15:20:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> it is explicit now ;)
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">15:20:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> imho it's not a full dataset but surely a data point. We all know how good some people are at looking better than they are ;-)
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">15:20:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> in the past, there have been cases where a single member in the team was stonewalling a decision but none of the team members was willing to tell me who
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">15:20:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> in other than very vague terms
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">15:20:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> as example
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">15:21:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> sure. but all the data you get from your inquires will be biased and what not
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">15:21:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> that's just not visible from the outside
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">15:21:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> sure, it always is.
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">15:21:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anything else on this?
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">15:21:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> let's move on...
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">15:22:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> next AI was for tittiatcoke
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">15:22:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> merge of marketing and news ML
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">15:22:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> those MLs cannot be merged as news.o.o is not public
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">15:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> AI completed
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">15:22:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> how is news.o.o not public?
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">15:22:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> the news mailing list, not the website
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">15:22:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> ah
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">15:23:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> sorry news@o.o
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">15:23:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> and the reason for it to be private is that there is some private stuff every now and then
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">15:23:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> yeah, for clarification: see what vuntz said
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">15:23:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> I noticed this in the notes from last time (sorry, missed that part) and mailed the board about it
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">15:23:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> would it be possible to move most traffic to the marketing mailing list, though?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">15:23:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> next IA was vuntz to talk with henne about ML admin help
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">15:23:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> yes, I think we (the ppl at news@) should be more aware of that
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">15:24:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> I'll try to keep an eye on it
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">15:24:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> ok, sounds good
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">15:24:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> ML admin help is mainly a technical issue
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">15:24:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> we just need to decide which path to go
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">15:24:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> so cboltz took over this AI
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">15:24:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> and having time to implement it
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">15:24:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> we'd also need a volunteer to step up to help
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">15:25:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> what do we need first, implementation or a volunteer?
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">15:25:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> we have the volunteer
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">15:25:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> ah, I missed that part :-)
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">15:25:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> OK, lets send a message to -project to ask for help, see what happens
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">15:26:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> why -project?
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">15:26:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> where else?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">15:26:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> it is sudo vs webapp
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">15:26:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> and we lean towards sudo
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">15:26:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> so it is all about writing and testing sudoer rules
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">15:27:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">darix:</span> I do not understand what you are trying to tell me.
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">15:27:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> we need a volunteer, does the volunteer have to be a SUSE employee?
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">15:27:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> ml admin AI is down to a technical issue. no more big discussion needed.
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">15:27:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> cboltz volunteered already
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">15:27:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> 16:25:10 &lt; darix&gt; we have the volunteer
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">15:28:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> sorry, then I misunderstood what "took over the AI" ment
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">15:28:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> then we're done.
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">15:28:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> cboltz took over the AI and we talked yesterday or the day before that
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">15:28:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;darix&gt;</span> then he told me he would do the job. we just need to decide how and train him
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">15:29:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> thanks now I got it
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">15:29:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> That completes the AI review anything I missed on this topic?
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">15:30:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">openSUSE planet</span>
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">15:30:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span>  that's yours, go
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">15:30:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (we forgot to discuss the "vuntz to change the calendar for the next two project meetings to start 2 hours earlier" AI, but it's done)
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">15:31:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> skipped it as it was done ;) it showed up on my calendar correctly
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">15:31:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> the planet openSUSE topic came after two people mentioned they were waiting to be included there
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">15:32:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> and I didn't have time to look into that, but I'm pretty sure we just need someone to replace yaloki
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">15:32:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I'll chat with the right people to see who can do that, and will look for a volunteer
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">15:32:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (didn't have time to do so because of lack of time)
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">15:33:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">vuntz find volunteer to admin planet openSUSE</span>
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">15:33:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> if someone wants to volunteer here and now, please stand up ;-)
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">15:33:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> otherwise, next topic I guess
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">15:33:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">GSoC status</span>
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">15:33:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> ping
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">15:34:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> pong
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">15:34:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> GSoC status, your topic ;)
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">15:34:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> me and manu mailed the project mailing list for adding tasks
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">15:34:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> and also sent a mail to former students who may be interesting in mentoring
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">15:34:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> as of now, the response hasnt been that great. no projects have been added :/
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">15:35:40 </span><span class="nka">* saurabhsood91</span> <span class="ac">feels we should act faster on this</span>
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">15:35:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> any ideas from anyone to get this moving?
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">15:36:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> might be worth trying to ping some specific people in the different teams
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">15:36:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> and ask them what they'd like to see in 13.1
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">15:36:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> i plan to send mails to subprojects like obs etc about adding projects
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">15:37:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> ok
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">15:37:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;suseROCKs&gt;</span> offer project winners a one-week all-expenses-paid trip to one of vuntz's French villas?
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">15:37:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> if you do so, make sure to mention it's not about packaging, but development, though
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">15:37:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> and also contributors, who had planned on mentoring last year
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">15:37:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">suseROCKs:</span> +1
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">15:37:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> sure. i will do that
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">15:38:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> other ideas comments on GSoC?
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">15:38:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> one
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">15:39:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i had a discussion with manu on the level of strictness. we decided that it would be better to allow people who have already contributed to some extent. i want to know how the community feels about this
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">15:40:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> it would allow us to retain the student contributors better
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">15:40:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i feel
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">15:40:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> sounds reasonable to me, as long as we do not raise the bar too high
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">15:40:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> hrm, wouldn't that be happening already anyway?
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">15:40:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> ?
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">15:41:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> I mean, a student who contributed is likely to have more chances to succeed
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">15:41:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> so it's likely that we'd select that student anyway
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">15:41:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> i mean it should not be a hard and fast rule, but a manner of preference during selecting students
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">15:41:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">15:41:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> true, but usually, a better proposal should logically stand out
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">15:42:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> right
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">15:42:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> my point is that a student contributing is likely to submit a better proposal :-)
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">15:42:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> that is the expectation ;)
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">15:43:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> more on GSoC?
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">15:43:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> completely unrelated... did you discuss if we will accept projects for other communities?
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">15:43:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> no. just an earnest request for adding projects
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">15:43:39</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> for instance, last year, we were happy to have syslog-ng projects
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">15:44:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> ok. that is up for discussion
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">15:44:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> any reason to change our approach?
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">15:44:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> did this not work out?
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">15:45:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I think it went okay last year
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">15:45:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> then we should probably just stick with it.
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">15:45:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> but a valid concern is that it limits our number of slots even more
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">15:45:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> well, at this point we have no proposals of our own
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">15:46:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> I am not certain we need to worry about that just yet
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">15:46:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> i think we should look at the number of projects added before deciding our approach
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">15:47:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> yeah
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">15:47:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> at the same time you cannot "announce" the week before the list has to be complete that we will accept suggestions from other projects
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">15:48:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> true
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">15:48:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> it appears reasonable to me that when we accept entries from other projects to communicate with them that if we have openSUSE focused projects and we have a student that could go either way the openSUSE project gets preference
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">15:49:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> this way everyone knows ahead of time what to expect
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">15:49:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> and we are not closing the door
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">15:49:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> do you think it would be better to put it on the gsoc wiki page then?
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">15:50:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> yes, it should be
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">15:50:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> other opinions?
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">15:50:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I'd put it there, yes
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">15:50:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> (but most importantly, I'd go ahead and contact some specific projects)
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">15:50:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> that  could hamper participation in those other projects
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">15:51:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> but it would be better to make it clear from the beginning
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">15:51:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> that's up to them, we just offer the opportunity, we are not forcing them to put their projects on our list
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">15:51:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> right. i agree
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">15:52:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> any specific projects in mind?
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">15:53:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> <span class="hi">saurabhsood91:</span> well, any project we care about for one reason or another
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">15:53:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> I mean
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">15:53:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> could be PackageKit, for instance
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">15:53:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> or the kernel
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">15:53:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">vuntz:</span> ok. i will come up with a list of projects which we could include
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">15:54:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> done with GSoC?
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">15:54:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saurabhsood91&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> yes
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">15:55:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">anything else</span>
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">15:55:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> We've reached the end of the posted agenda and still have 5 minutes left, yeah
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">15:55:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anything else we need to address this week?
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">15:56:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">robjo:</span> quick question
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">15:56:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">15:56:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> there are some suggestions on artwork for making different kinds of stickers this time around to promote openSUSE 12.3 and openSUSE in general
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">15:57:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> is there budget for different sizes and shapes, or do we have to keep the same stickers we've been making?
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">15:57:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> there is budget for marketing materials
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">15:58:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">15:58:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> awesome! that's all for me thanks
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">15:58:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> However, before you go and spend money you'll have to clear it with the board
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">15:58:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> oh ok
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">15:59:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I will send a question email to them
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">15:59:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> thus there'd have to be a proposal and a quote from a vendor
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">16:00:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> the next meeting is in 2 weeks at the same time. We'll discuss whether to move the meeting back or not and anything else that we have time for that is posted on the agenda.
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">16:00:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> anything else for today?
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">16:00:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> I see
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">16:00:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> noting on my end
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">16:01:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> nothing
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">16:01:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> victorhck just told me he's working on a sticker
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">16:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;victorhck&gt;</span> yep
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">16:01:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> ok, and that's it for today then
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">16:01:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;victorhck&gt;</span> I can make a preview...
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">16:01:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;victorhck&gt;</span> sec
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">16:01:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> thanks everyone for participating
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">16:01:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;anditosan&gt;</span> <span class="hi">jospoortvliet:</span> awesome! maybe I could make extras then
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">16:01:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;vuntz&gt;</span> thanks for having run the meeting, robjo!
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">16:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;jospoortvliet&gt;</span> <span class="hi">anditosan:</span> we need to have a bunch of designs anyway
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">16:02:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;robjo&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
