<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#opensuse-kde log</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* For the .log.html */
pre { /*line-height: 125%;*/
      white-space: pre-wrap; }
body { background: #f0f0f0; }

body .tm  { color: #007020 }                      /* time */
body .nk  { color: #062873; font-weight: bold }   /* nick, regular */
body .nka { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }  /* action nick */
body .ac  { color: #00A000 }                      /* action line */
body .hi  { color: #4070a0 }                 /* hilights */
/* Things to make particular MeetBot commands stick out */
body .topic     { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .topicline { color: #000080; font-weight: bold }
body .cmd       { color: #007020; font-weight: bold }
body .cmdline  { font-weight: bold }

</style>
</head>

<body>
<pre><a name="l-1"></a><span class="tm">17:07:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#startmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span>
<a name="l-2"></a><span class="tm">17:07:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Meeting started Thu Dec  9 17:07:12 2010 UTC.  The chair is wstephenson. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
<a name="l-3"></a><span class="tm">17:07:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;bugbot&gt;</span> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
<a name="l-4"></a><span class="tm">17:07:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">MystKid:</span> pulseaudio-module-x11 or similar
<a name="l-5"></a><span class="tm">17:07:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">MystKid:</span> but now we're in a meeting, feel free to listen in.
<a name="l-6"></a><span class="tm">17:07:59 </span><span class="nka">* tittiatcoke</span> <span class="ac">reporting for the meeting</span>
<a name="l-7"></a><span class="tm">17:08:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> who wants to take minutes?
<a name="l-8"></a><span class="tm">17:08:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> maybe next time. I am also preparing dinner atm
<a name="l-9"></a><span class="tm">17:09:02 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson</span> <span class="ac">is making slow cooked bolognese sauce, all the work is done and it just needs another 2 hours in the oven</span>
<a name="l-10"></a><span class="tm">17:09:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Hmm. I can let the logging run and then do the minutes from there
<a name="l-11"></a><span class="tm">17:09:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> thanks
<a name="l-12"></a><span class="tm">17:09:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> I guess the meetingbot can also help ?
<a name="l-13"></a><span class="tm">17:09:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> yes
<a name="l-14"></a><span class="tm">17:09:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> so we have 3 topics
<a name="l-15"></a><span class="tm">17:09:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> * old AIs
<a name="l-16"></a><span class="tm">17:09:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> * status
<a name="l-17"></a><span class="tm">17:09:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> * getting rid of help.o.o/kde4?
<a name="l-18"></a><span class="tm">17:09:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> * making openSUSE/KDE manuals easier to reach on 11.4 (SUSE greeter?)
<a name="l-19"></a><span class="tm">17:10:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> * having KDE Four Live homepage and KDE Four Live on kde-apps.org up-to-date. It seems KDE-Four-Live is a popular Live CD :-)
<a name="l-20"></a><span class="tm">17:10:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> * Q&amp;A, misc
<a name="l-21"></a><span class="tm">17:10:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">old AIs</span>
<a name="l-22"></a><span class="tm">17:10:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> i think mrdocs already said these haven't been taken down after the last meeting
<a name="l-23"></a><span class="tm">17:11:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> we'll live :)
<a name="l-24"></a><span class="tm">17:11:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">status</span>
<a name="l-25"></a><span class="tm">17:12:00 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson</span> <span class="ac">has preparing 4.6beta2 release and testing/fixing PIM 4.6</span>
<a name="l-26"></a><span class="tm">17:12:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> just took delivery of a new core i7 workstation to let me do more things at once
<a name="l-27"></a><span class="tm">17:12:59 </span><span class="nka">* tittiatcoke</span> <span class="ac">fixed ktorrent to work with the new KDE powermanagement.</span>
<a name="l-28"></a><span class="tm">17:13:26 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson</span> <span class="ac">also packaged koffice 2.3rc1 with titti's help</span>
<a name="l-29"></a><span class="tm">17:13:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> what does ktorrent have to do with powermanagment?
<a name="l-30"></a><span class="tm">17:13:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> it has a power off when download complete feature
<a name="l-31"></a><span class="tm">17:14:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> any more status? javier_ around?
<a name="l-32"></a><span class="tm">17:14:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> ah ok, I thought that'd be a solid task, because gnome users might not run powerdevil
<a name="l-33"></a><span class="tm">17:14:42</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> yes, I'm here
<a name="l-34"></a><span class="tm">17:15:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> Correct, but solid switched to the new powermanagement backend (PowerDevil v2)
<a name="l-35"></a><span class="tm">17:15:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> it is a solid::control task, but using some private api that changed
<a name="l-36"></a><span class="tm">17:15:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Well, actually it is no longer solid::control :-)
<a name="l-37"></a><span class="tm">17:15:35 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson</span> <span class="ac">has also been working on KNM's solid::control refactoring and integrating patches from pardus.</span>
<a name="l-38"></a><span class="tm">17:15:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> true
<a name="l-39"></a><span class="tm">17:16:13 </span><span class="nka">* javier_</span> <span class="ac">is working on having an openSUSE KDE Live CD, Iberian edition</span>
<a name="l-40"></a><span class="tm">17:17:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">javier_:</span> is this about more then a language specific spin? because the gnome side plans on integrating ubuntu style indicators afaik
<a name="l-41"></a><span class="tm">17:17:58</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> the gnome side seems like it's nmarques' subuntu project
<a name="l-42"></a><span class="tm">17:18:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> btw i really like the idea of regional spins, at least for the languages, the build service sounds perfect for this
<a name="l-43"></a><span class="tm">17:18:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> yepp. well we are discussing that. my idea is to have official live cds
<a name="l-44"></a><span class="tm">17:18:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> yes that was what I was wondering about, why integrate it in opensuse iberia instead of just a plain extra spin
<a name="l-45"></a><span class="tm">17:19:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> still a bit sad how people seem to be forced to defend packaging ubuntu stuff on another distribution...
<a name="l-46"></a><span class="tm">17:20:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> anyways, ot, don't let me distract the meeting ;-)
<a name="l-47"></a><span class="tm">17:20:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> I don't know, maybe he just likes feature x so he packages it
<a name="l-48"></a><span class="tm">17:20:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> anyway, let's discuss after. it's good to have stronger devolution of activity
<a name="l-49"></a><span class="tm">17:20:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> there's enough suse in nuremberg already, let's spread it around.
<a name="l-50"></a><span class="tm">17:21:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">getting rid of http://help.o.o/kde4</span>
<a name="l-51"></a><span class="tm">17:21:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> javier_ suggested this
<a name="l-52"></a><span class="tm">17:21:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> yepp. I find the opensuse-guides more useful
<a name="l-53"></a><span class="tm">17:22:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> the drawback is that they aren't translated into languages (except for de)
<a name="l-54"></a><span class="tm">17:22:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> *into other
<a name="l-55"></a><span class="tm">17:22:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> what do you suggest doing about that?
<a name="l-56"></a><span class="tm">17:22:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> community l10n?
<a name="l-57"></a><span class="tm">17:23:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> asking if we can add them to the official l10n runs?
<a name="l-58"></a><span class="tm">17:23:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> might i ask where I can find the opensuse-guides?
<a name="l-59"></a><span class="tm">17:23:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> they already in vertaal.com.ar
<a name="l-60"></a><span class="tm">17:23:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> *are
<a name="l-61"></a><span class="tm">17:23:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> http://opensuse-guide.org/ that one?
<a name="l-62"></a><span class="tm">17:24:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> nop
<a name="l-63"></a><span class="tm">17:24:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> look for the opensuse-guide packages ;)
<a name="l-64"></a><span class="tm">17:24:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> sound 'illegal' due to the multimedia stuff
<a name="l-65"></a><span class="tm">17:24:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">cb400f:</span> any ideas?
<a name="l-66"></a><span class="tm">17:24:42 </span><span class="nka">* wstephenson</span> <span class="ac">waves at initialZero and saschpe</span>
<a name="l-67"></a><span class="tm">17:25:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;initialZero&gt;</span> hi
<a name="l-68"></a><span class="tm">17:25:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> opensuse-kdeuser_en-pdf-11.3-6.1.1.noarch
<a name="l-69"></a><span class="tm">17:25:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> opensuse-kdequick_en-pdf-11.3-6.1.1.noarch
<a name="l-70"></a><span class="tm">17:25:30</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i'll ask our i18n team what they think
<a name="l-71"></a><span class="tm">17:25:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#action </span><span class="cmdline">wstephenson contact i18n team about quick manuals</span>
<a name="l-72"></a><span class="tm">17:25:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;saschpe&gt;</span> hi
<a name="l-73"></a><span class="tm">17:26:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> I talked about this with the docs team at oSC10 and they liked the idea :-)
<a name="l-74"></a><span class="tm">17:26:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> adding a link to pdf(s) in SUSE greeter I mean
<a name="l-75"></a><span class="tm">17:27:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">javier_:</span> so we'd need a i18n'ed link to the right path in the greeter
<a name="l-76"></a><span class="tm">17:28:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> and a Recommends dependency on the package in the lang package
<a name="l-77"></a><span class="tm">17:28:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> but i'd liek to know how to get it translated best, and maybe integrate the -guide stuff somehow
<a name="l-78"></a><span class="tm">17:29:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> right
<a name="l-79"></a><span class="tm">17:29:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> maybe get that in packman and have a soft dep on opensuse-manual-kde-community that would pull it in
<a name="l-80"></a><span class="tm">17:30:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> well, I didn't say anything about adding opensuse-guide.org (I meant the pdfs)
<a name="l-81"></a><span class="tm">17:30:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> just an idea :)
<a name="l-82"></a><span class="tm">17:30:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i mean making pdfs from -guide.org
<a name="l-83"></a><span class="tm">17:30:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> also, we would have to fallback to English in case it's not translated
<a name="l-84"></a><span class="tm">17:30:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> another idea :)
<a name="l-85"></a><span class="tm">17:31:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> so that we get the quick guide + manual saying how to add codecs?
<a name="l-86"></a><span class="tm">17:31:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">updating kde-apps.org live cd listings</span>
<a name="l-87"></a><span class="tm">17:31:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">javier_:</span> yes
<a name="l-88"></a><span class="tm">17:32:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> good idea :)
<a name="l-89"></a><span class="tm">17:33:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> anyone want to take that? involves getting in touch with whoever owns the listing, Beineri i think
<a name="l-90"></a><span class="tm">17:33:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> regarding updating the live cd listing... I've seen more than one person saying that the links were broken, in mailing lists and irc
<a name="l-91"></a><span class="tm">17:33:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> yes, afaik Beiniri owns the kde-apps thingy
<a name="l-92"></a><span class="tm">17:33:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> *Beineri
<a name="l-93"></a><span class="tm">17:34:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;initialZero&gt;</span> that should just point to the opensuse.org page
<a name="l-94"></a><span class="tm">17:34:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> in fact, if you type kde live cd in google, what do you get? ;-)
<a name="l-95"></a><span class="tm">17:35:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> to avoid broken links on rebuild, either we link to the download folder, or we manually copy the isos elsewhere (breaking the mirror system) or we think of something else
<a name="l-96"></a><span class="tm">17:36:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> wasn't there supposed to be fixed links for the obs?
<a name="l-97"></a><span class="tm">17:36:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> nvm fixed links is the opposite of what we want
<a name="l-98"></a><span class="tm">17:38:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> fixed filenames would be great
<a name="l-99"></a><span class="tm">17:38:34</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> or a cronjob on home.kde.org that fetches the latest filenames and updates the page
<a name="l-100"></a><span class="tm">17:38:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> the obs guys wanted to implement something called service which was supposed to do that
<a name="l-101"></a><span class="tm">17:39:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> but that'd be for repositories, no idea if that could be used for built media as well
<a name="l-102"></a><span class="tm">17:39:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i don't think so, unfortunately :/
<a name="l-103"></a><span class="tm">17:39:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> although i'll ask adrianS
<a name="l-104"></a><span class="tm">17:40:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">javier_:</span> will you take the contact Beineri AI?
<a name="l-105"></a><span class="tm">17:40:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> sure
<a name="l-106"></a><span class="tm">17:41:11</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> ok
<a name="l-107"></a><span class="tm">17:41:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="topic">#topic </span><span class="topicline">Q&amp;A, misc</span>
<a name="l-108"></a><span class="tm">17:41:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i have a thing:
<a name="l-109"></a><span class="tm">17:41:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i'm a bit busy, and i'm worried that i'm not doing enough with you guys. is it a problem or am i just being a worrier?
<a name="l-110"></a><span class="tm">17:43:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> Well meetings have been dropped without any notice, that is annoying
<a name="l-111"></a><span class="tm">17:43:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> yeah, maybe i can delegate the announcing meetings task then?
<a name="l-112"></a><span class="tm">17:44:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> but otherwise you beeing busy with family and/or work is nothing anybody is worried about i think
<a name="l-113"></a><span class="tm">17:44:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;javier_&gt;</span> +1
<a name="l-114"></a><span class="tm">17:45:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> to be frank last meetings have been rather short, should we really keep up with biweekly meetings?
<a name="l-115"></a><span class="tm">17:45:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> hm ok 11.4 is comming up so timely response is somewhat important
<a name="l-116"></a><span class="tm">17:45:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i think so,  or we'll lose energy
<a name="l-117"></a><span class="tm">17:45:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;initialZero&gt;</span> logging in and taking time for meetings that are not happening is all
<a name="l-118"></a><span class="tm">17:45:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> btw adrian sent a mail to us about skimming openfate
<a name="l-119"></a><span class="tm">17:45:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> last time i was off sick
<a name="l-120"></a><span class="tm">17:46:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> argh, i was supposed to discuss that too, aj asked me to bring it up
<a name="l-121"></a><span class="tm">17:46:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> I don't consider myself very reliable for this, we should avoid having a single person responsible for the meetings
<a name="l-122"></a><span class="tm">17:47:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> otherwise I can try making sure the meeting takes place
<a name="l-123"></a><span class="tm">17:47:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> maybe assign at the end of each meeting for the next one?
<a name="l-124"></a><span class="tm">17:47:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> well as you said you've been sick, hard to predict these cases
<a name="l-125"></a><span class="tm">17:47:57</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> yeah. anyway as long as you don't think we have a Community problem
<a name="l-126"></a><span class="tm">17:48:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> it's just a consequence of us not having a new booster in post yet
<a name="l-127"></a><span class="tm">17:48:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> I don't see any problem at the moment:-)
<a name="l-128"></a><span class="tm">17:48:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> ok good
<a name="l-129"></a><span class="tm">17:48:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> i am actually pretty impressed how much is happening with opensuse right now
<a name="l-130"></a><span class="tm">17:49:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;initialZero&gt;</span> me too
<a name="l-131"></a><span class="tm">17:49:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i'm glad. maybe i'm so busy and close to everything i can't see it happening around me :)
<a name="l-132"></a><span class="tm">17:49:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> os-kde is churning along pretty nicely
<a name="l-133"></a><span class="tm">17:49:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> without making much fuzz about it though, the marketing initiative seems to struggle
<a name="l-134"></a><span class="tm">17:50:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> of os-kde or generally?
<a name="l-135"></a><span class="tm">17:51:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> ah, os-kde, otherwise -project seems to be buzzing with life
<a name="l-136"></a><span class="tm">17:51:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> well os-gnome ain't very noisy about their stuff either, I guess it's a sign of solid work
<a name="l-137"></a><span class="tm">17:51:38</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rabauke:</span> would you be able to restart the blogs?
<a name="l-138"></a><span class="tm">17:51:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> they are also working very hard just doing stuff.
<a name="l-139"></a><span class="tm">17:52:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> but it's not good for either team long term if nobody knows about it
<a name="l-140"></a><span class="tm">17:52:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i need to get rid of the milestone story writing, it takes me far too long to switch contexts
<a name="l-141"></a><span class="tm">17:52:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rabauke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> if i get some input. what doyou want me to blog about?
<a name="l-142"></a><span class="tm">17:52:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> although it's fun
<a name="l-143"></a><span class="tm">17:53:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> the usual, what we've been doing. i guess when the meeting is short and to the point it's hard to write on it...
<a name="l-144"></a><span class="tm">17:53:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;initialZero&gt;</span> has 11.4 look and feel been discussed yet? theme and such?
<a name="l-145"></a><span class="tm">17:53:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rabauke&gt;</span> ok, I'll look out for the summaries. I can add as a personal note that I am using 4.6 beta2
<a name="l-146"></a><span class="tm">17:54:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">initialZero:</span> nope
<a name="l-147"></a><span class="tm">17:54:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">initialZero:</span> there is a small thread on -factory or -project, nothing major though
<a name="l-148"></a><span class="tm">17:54:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> not sure who's doing the artwork
<a name="l-149"></a><span class="tm">17:54:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;initialZero&gt;</span> usually there is an ideas page and discussion
<a name="l-150"></a><span class="tm">17:55:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> although it-s from upstream just started helping out the studio team, maybe we can get him to do something
<a name="l-151"></a><span class="tm">17:55:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;initialZero&gt;</span> I'm having lots of checksum errors in KDF for factory
<a name="l-152"></a><span class="tm">17:55:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i think gnokii scared away the rest :P
<a name="l-153"></a><span class="tm">17:55:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> looks like totally low priority, after jimmacs departure =/
<a name="l-154"></a><span class="tm">17:55:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;initialZero&gt;</span> yeah
<a name="l-155"></a><span class="tm">17:55:59</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">initialZero:</span> it was lagging on the rebuild for beta2 for factory
<a name="l-156"></a><span class="tm">17:56:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> yeah still building
<a name="l-157"></a><span class="tm">17:56:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rabauke:</span> kdepim working good? i am still afraid of losing my mail access =/
<a name="l-158"></a><span class="tm">17:56:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> wait till you see the truck next to factory repos at https://build.opensuse.org/project/show?project=KDE:Distro:Factory
<a name="l-159"></a><span class="tm">17:56:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rabauke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">initialZero:</span> worked for me a few minutes ago
<a name="l-160"></a><span class="tm">17:56:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rabauke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> seems to. I'll have to test though how it behaves when suspending.
<a name="l-161"></a><span class="tm">17:56:47</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rabauke:</span> but only 4.5.80?
<a name="l-162"></a><span class="tm">17:57:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rabauke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> no, .85. let me check
<a name="l-163"></a><span class="tm">17:57:33</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> i haven't lost any mail yet, but i've had a lot of glitches, like not showing a mail on select, eating lots of cpus, and of course slow folder listing
<a name="l-164"></a><span class="tm">17:57:46</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rabauke&gt;</span> kdebase4-4.5.85-193.3.i586
<a name="l-165"></a><span class="tm">17:58:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> right now i'm considering shipping the 4.4 pim as well as 4.6
<a name="l-166"></a><span class="tm">17:58:10</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> that doesn't sound overly promising =/
<a name="l-167"></a><span class="tm">17:59:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i'm afraid 4.6 will be a kde 4.0 for pim :)
<a name="l-168"></a><span class="tm">17:59:16</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> s/for pim/for kmail/
<a name="l-169"></a><span class="tm">17:59:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> korganizer is good so far
<a name="l-170"></a><span class="tm">17:59:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> I play the pessimist here...
<a name="l-171"></a><span class="tm">18:00:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> well i'm being careful.
<a name="l-172"></a><span class="tm">18:00:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rabauke&gt;</span> what does not work?
<a name="l-173"></a><span class="tm">18:00:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> it all works, but badly
<a name="l-174"></a><span class="tm">18:00:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> now seriously... I think is not so bad, kdepim 4.6
<a name="l-175"></a><span class="tm">18:00:19</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rabauke&gt;</span> imap is a lot faster than in kde 4.4
<a name="l-176"></a><span class="tm">18:00:31</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rabauke&gt;</span> first impression though
<a name="l-177"></a><span class="tm">18:00:50</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> the biggest troubles come from the nepomuk integration in my opinion
<a name="l-178"></a><span class="tm">18:00:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> faster on fetch, but you don't notice when kmail2 takes 10x as long to open a folder as kmail1
<a name="l-179"></a><span class="tm">18:00:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alin:</span> right
<a name="l-180"></a><span class="tm">18:01:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> upstream are playing with using a fixed function clucene indexer instead
<a name="l-181"></a><span class="tm">18:01:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> that's what they have been doing with the wince port
<a name="l-182"></a><span class="tm">18:01:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rabauke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> on the kde 4.6 computer I only have imap so only inboxes
<a name="l-183"></a><span class="tm">18:01:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> AFAICS some queries trash virtuoso
<a name="l-184"></a><span class="tm">18:02:04</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">einar77:</span> yes
<a name="l-185"></a><span class="tm">18:02:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> I noticed because if you kill it it spews the query to stdout
<a name="l-186"></a><span class="tm">18:02:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">rabauke:</span> you don't have other imap folders?
<a name="l-187"></a><span class="tm">18:02:28</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> rather than -pim I think you should be off asking trueg about it, I think
<a name="l-188"></a><span class="tm">18:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">einar77:</span> actually i'm going to fix the virtuoso packaging so i have the isql tool to debug virtuoso.  i have 2 threads running with trueg about it atm.
<a name="l-189"></a><span class="tm">18:02:54</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> indeed fetching is slow... but at least does not delete messages anymore
<a name="l-190"></a><span class="tm">18:03:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> my (trollish) view is that the kolab consortium does not particularly care about desktop kontact
<a name="l-191"></a><span class="tm">18:03:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;rabauke&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> no, the kde 4.6 computer is just to read emails and the desktop then fetches them and sorts them into folders, bu that's kde 4.5 and pop3
<a name="l-192"></a><span class="tm">18:03:49</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">einar77:</span> i thought kdab earns it's money with desktop kontact?
<a name="l-193"></a><span class="tm">18:03:52</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">einar77:</span> i disagree. they have a deadline on the mobile kontact this week and are coming back to desktop next week
<a name="l-194"></a><span class="tm">18:03:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> the enterprise version
<a name="l-195"></a><span class="tm">18:04:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> I'm glad you corrected me, actually
<a name="l-196"></a><span class="tm">18:04:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> err "Kontact Touch"
<a name="l-197"></a><span class="tm">18:04:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> <span class="hi">einar77:</span> well the enterprise version sure isn't supposed to suck either right?
<a name="l-198"></a><span class="tm">18:04:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> I'm happy to be prven wrong  in this case
<a name="l-199"></a><span class="tm">18:04:44</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> that's 4.4.x plus some adjustments
<a name="l-200"></a><span class="tm">18:04:55</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> at least so far
<a name="l-201"></a><span class="tm">18:04:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030&gt;</span> I thought all their enterprise stuff got merged into kdepim?
<a name="l-202"></a><span class="tm">18:05:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i hope so too. but i'd like to see a bit more evidence of a plan to fix the suck. i dunno what is discussed on kdab irc though, and they employ the whole active pim team.
<a name="l-203"></a><span class="tm">18:05:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> that's 3.5.x
<a name="l-204"></a><span class="tm">18:05:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> that's the main problem, communication is lim (x-&gt;-Inf) 1/x
<a name="l-205"></a><span class="tm">18:05:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030:</span> it does. the difference is they are writing a mobile frontend as well as the desktop one, and for wince as well as maemo.
<a name="l-206"></a><span class="tm">18:05:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> now see where the dev time goes
<a name="l-207"></a><span class="tm">18:05:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> the good thing is that they modularized kmail
<a name="l-208"></a><span class="tm">18:06:08</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> so fixes in the common parts also affect kmail itself
<a name="l-209"></a><span class="tm">18:06:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> yes, that's true
<a name="l-210"></a><span class="tm">18:07:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> and there have been some awesome optimisations going into the lower level stuff
<a name="l-211"></a><span class="tm">18:07:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> to be honest, PIM 4.6 works OK for me on my desktops
<a name="l-212"></a><span class="tm">18:07:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> where it *sucks*, it's my netbook
<a name="l-213"></a><span class="tm">18:07:18</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> however thing like virtuoso and the messagelist spoil that
<a name="l-214"></a><span class="tm">18:07:23</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> *things
<a name="l-215"></a><span class="tm">18:08:07</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">einar77:</span> i think it can work fine for individuals atm. tittiatcoke has been using it for ages, and alin.
<a name="l-216"></a><span class="tm">18:08:14</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> sometimes virtuoso ramps up but ends
<a name="l-217"></a><span class="tm">18:08:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> after a bit
<a name="l-218"></a><span class="tm">18:08:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> I see the same virtuoso problem.
<a name="l-219"></a><span class="tm">18:08:35</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> but on my netbook the performance is abysmal (also thanks to a very slow SSD)
<a name="l-220"></a><span class="tm">18:08:36</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">einar77:</span> i just fear that the joe sixpack class of user will not get that far. migration might fail and scare them off
<a name="l-221"></a><span class="tm">18:08:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> I'm afraid of that myself since I can envision the "masses" shouting in front of the forums
<a name="l-222"></a><span class="tm">18:09:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> Sometimes it is funny to mark the unread emails as read and still see the unread mark behind the folder
<a name="l-223"></a><span class="tm">18:09:03</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> we'll be the first to witness the Rage (TM)
<a name="l-224"></a><span class="tm">18:09:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> einar77 wstephenson virtuoso going mad only when I am on a slow connection...
<a name="l-225"></a><span class="tm">18:09:25</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> "Don't take my kmail1 away from me!!!"
<a name="l-226"></a><span class="tm">18:09:27</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> I saw those collection sync problems there
<a name="l-227"></a><span class="tm">18:09:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> it may be just a coincidence but I do not know
<a name="l-228"></a><span class="tm">18:09:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030_v2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> well if migration fails you can't really blame the user...
<a name="l-229"></a><span class="tm">18:09:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> is there a list of issues people encounter regularly?
<a name="l-230"></a><span class="tm">18:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">einar77:</span> do you think the netbook performance is due to the cpu overhead of threading the folder on open?
<a name="l-231"></a><span class="tm">18:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> would it be worth making one?
<a name="l-232"></a><span class="tm">18:10:01</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030_v2:</span> why not? users are guilty...
<a name="l-233"></a><span class="tm">18:10:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030_v2&gt;</span> no matter how proficient he is with kde
<a name="l-234"></a><span class="tm">18:10:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i'm making one
<a name="l-235"></a><span class="tm">18:10:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030_v2:</span> agreed
<a name="l-236"></a><span class="tm">18:10:15</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> I can echo it on the KDE forums if you want
<a name="l-237"></a><span class="tm">18:10:24</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> atm the migration is mandatory on first kmail run
<a name="l-238"></a><span class="tm">18:10:37</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> even if it's a bad time (on battery, about to go offline)
<a name="l-239"></a><span class="tm">18:10:41</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> and it takes forever
<a name="l-240"></a><span class="tm">18:10:48</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> it may be as well, I have a a measly Celeron ULV
<a name="l-241"></a><span class="tm">18:10:56</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> and /home is on a (slow) SDHC
<a name="l-242"></a><span class="tm">18:11:17</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> SDHC? that should not be allowed :P
<a name="l-243"></a><span class="tm">18:11:20</span><span class="nk"> &lt;tittiatcoke&gt;</span> What is noticed is that virtuoso starts behaving a little better with the amount of memory you assign to it.
<a name="l-244"></a><span class="tm">18:11:21</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> http://ktown.kde.org/~wstephenson/core-i7-spaghetti.png
<a name="l-245"></a><span class="tm">18:11:29</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> it's still slow with a beast ^
<a name="l-246"></a><span class="tm">18:11:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> my old SSD died end before I revived it I moved /home elsewhere
<a name="l-247"></a><span class="tm">18:12:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030_v2&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> pfft, my server runs of an sd and all the storage is attached by gbethernet to the system with nfs ;-)
<a name="l-248"></a><span class="tm">18:12:06</span><span class="nk"> &lt;einar77&gt;</span> s/end/and/
<a name="l-249"></a><span class="tm">18:12:26</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">remur_030_v2:</span> and everything is in cache all the time
<a name="l-250"></a><span class="tm">18:12:40</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i suspect akonadi is a good cache trasher
<a name="l-251"></a><span class="tm">18:13:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i tried installing suse on a 30MB/s 'Extreme III' SDHC and it was painfully slow to boot.
<a name="l-252"></a><span class="tm">18:13:13</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> anyway
<a name="l-253"></a><span class="tm">18:13:32</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">tittiatcoke:</span> how much ram do you give virtuoso?
<a name="l-254"></a><span class="tm">18:13:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> i wonder if mine is thrashing with 50MB
<a name="l-255"></a><span class="tm">18:14:22</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> oh i said i'd ask - dannyA is really dying looking for people to help write kde-commits
<a name="l-256"></a><span class="tm">18:14:51</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> alin, anaumov, initialZero: feel like helping produce the kde commit-digest?
<a name="l-257"></a><span class="tm">18:15:09</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> he's dividing the work so it's not a big commitment but people seem to be shy
<a name="l-258"></a><span class="tm">18:17:12</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> 128 from me
<a name="l-259"></a><span class="tm">18:17:43</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030_v2&gt;</span> 7F?
<a name="l-260"></a><span class="tm">18:17:45</span><span class="nk"> &lt;alin&gt;</span> <span class="hi">wstephenson:</span> when is the deadline? I can put some hours in on saturday night... and sunday
<a name="l-261"></a><span class="tm">18:18:02</span><span class="nk"> &lt;remur_030_v2&gt;</span> ugh, 0x80 ;-)
<a name="l-262"></a><span class="tm">18:18:53</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="hi">alin:</span> it's not for a particular issue, just if you can spare an hour a week or so to help
<a name="l-263"></a><span class="tm">18:19:00</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> anyway
<a name="l-264"></a><span class="tm">18:19:05</span><span class="nk"> &lt;wstephenson&gt;</span> <span class="cmd">#endmeeting</span><span class="cmdline"></span></pre>
</body></html>
